Do you think it's possible there might be a Manhattan Project for AI?
Whether it's something happening right now or something that might happen in the future (be it near or far), do you think it's possible that there might be a Manhattan Project style project for Artificial Intelligence? Most likely it wouldn't be nearly as large as the Manhattan Project, which employed tens of thousands of people at its peak, but maybe similar in terms of government involvement and a clandestine nature. As AI grows more and more pervasive - and as the potential for it to pose as an existential threat grows as a result - one would think that some entity more responsible (hopefully) than the mega corporations pursuing AI right now (like Facebook or Google) would step in to seriously investigate the powers, dangers, and potential ethical implications of AI before the genie is let out of the bottle, so to speak. Right now though, it seems as if the only entity that could rival the likes of a mega-corporation in the race to advance AI would be some sort of government agency, preferably one that has the ability to engage in clandestine activities if necessary. We all know that ethically questionable research and experiments have been carried out in the past by clandestine agencies to advance science in the name of war and international competition (the Manhattan Project, project MK Ultra and other psychological and pharmacological experiments, etc.). Clearly the power of such agencies lies in their ability to bypass ethical red tape in a way that even incredibly wealthy corporations like Google and Facebook can't seem to do at the moment. This did get me wondering though - do you think there's any serious aspect of AI research that would require the bypassing of this ethical red tape? Is there even any part of AI research that could be considered blatantly unethical? (I don't count the fact that truck driving jobs will be automated in the near future to be "unethical" for example, but obviously bypassing patient rights to study the brain in harmful ways would be unethical). If so, then it stands to reason that a government-funded, clandestine project might one day be in the works for artificial intelligence research. What do you think something like this would even entail? Really curious to hear what people think.  submitted by /u/writtr [link] [comments] 