Azure File Sync questions
This new feature looks truly awesome! I want to proceed with testing but I have a few questions before doing so. The prior IT admin at my business signed on with a rather expensive online backup. Microsoft reached out to me about Azure backup and the pricing was about 75% less than what we pay now. I have spent the last month trying Azure Backup and Azure Backup server with no luck. My file server has about a million files and 6TB of disk space usage over 3 volumes. I never felt very comfortable with the base Azure Backup solution because I felt a large restore would take way too long from the cloud. I then moved to Azure Backup Server and got it working internally, really liked it, however my restore points would never complete running and usually would crap out my VM, and thus I could never send the data to Microsoft via hard drive. It was just a week or so ago I became aware of the Azure File sync beta program. In theory this could solve 2 really large issues I am dealing with: CEO has made it clear he has no intentions of ever purchasing a large SAN ever again. We have some aging hardware, and he is really pushing for cloud everything basically. Even though we are running about 23 VMs, the file server accounts for about 90% of all the data used. However we work in the advertising industry, so I have departments dealing with video and large image files, so pushing everything to the cloud was not an option currently.  The size of the agency has fluctuated over time based on several factors, but there has never been an official archiving process. I would say about 80% - 90% of the 1 million or so files on the file server are cold and will probably never be accessed again. The intent has always been to archive these files, but convincing management and department heads to spend any time on this has been a fruitless venture. File sync appears to solve this problem with Cloud Tiering. As files age, they will not be taking up space on our local storage.   My questions are: How long is it going to take to sync 1 million files (around 6TB)? We have a 50MB fiber line. Is there a pricing calculator similar to what I used for Azure Backup? During the time period during the initial sync is it OK to continue using local backup? Is the data tiered to the cloud based strictly on the volume size you allocate? In other words, it isn't based on the date the file was last accessed?  Thanks for any input!  submitted by /u/wareagle1972 [link] [comments] 