Dear Hardware Gods and Goddesses
I'm not sure if this is the part of Reddit where you hide, if not please point me in the correct direction? I need a computer upgrade to keep up with my classes (MS Informatics - coming from a NON-CS background) and I know nothing about current hardware. I tried to explain what I was going to use it for and the guy at the computer store had no idea what I was talking about. He tried to explain the capacity of each processor/MB/Memory in terms of video games but I'm not a gamer. I don't do anything that's graphically intensive (some data visualization next semester but nothing like a video game) but I need to be able to run a lot of resource hogging programs at once. Many browser tabs with secure logins that are constantly making sure that I really really really am an authorized user, plus MySQL or RStudio or Python - sometimes more than one of those, and Office everything, etc. So, my question to you all is what processor can I get away with? I mean, my computer now is "Processor Intel(R) Core(TM)2 Duo CPU E8400 @ 3.00GHz, 3000 Mhz, 2 Core(s), 2 Logical Processor(s)" with 6G RAM. I obviously don't need the $1000+ gaming system (nor can I afford it). I just managed to get this funny message about C++ and crashed everything running a SQL script, so it's obviously time to upgrade. I can assemble a computer, I have the software (legit Windows key and the others are included in my tuition) but I need to know the least expensive processor that I can reasonably use for this. As for the MB, I need to have an ethernet connection (yay Federal gov't), and I'd like to use two VGA monitors (the nice man who didn't know what he was talking about sold me a GeForce 8400 GS, which is fine for me but I have to have a MB that it will fit and IDK my ass from my elbow in that department) - pretty much everything else can be done with software and additional HDDs. Am I making any sense? I checked the specs of the computers in our labs and they are way out of my reach financially. Any and all direction is appreciated. Yes, this is my first semester and I (loooong story) had a much better computer that I used for SPSS in my last degree. Knowing that SPSS and it's horrible resource hogging is potentially on the horizon (plus Python, yay) I'm worried. I'm praying that Black Friday will bring me a good discount and that you all (Gods and Goddesses of Hardware) will tell me what I need to buy. Thank you! *Edited for clarity  submitted by /u/NUM8ERS_N3RD [link] [comments] 