2 years of full-time dedication to become a full stack web/blockchain developer. What to do?
Hi everyone, In advance I very much appreciate your help on this one as it will change my life.   Introduction and goals My name is Martin and live in Berlin, Germany, since two weeks having moved from Amsterdam. I quit my job as a tax lawyer in Amsterdam two weeks ago and have saved some money to live (modestly) for the next 2 years. I want to use these two years to completely re-educate myself. During the last year I have built up a strong interest in blockchain development and web development. My ultimate dream/goal would be to work at a blockchain startup and be a full stack/blockchain developer. Game plan The game plan is to spend at least 45 hours a week studying for 2 years in order to obtain as much relevant knowledge as possible to work at a blockchain startup as a fullstack/blockchain developer. My prior knowledge is not much. The last 4-6 months during the evenings and weekends I have read and practiced some web development but have not yet done any significant projects. I spend a some time on learning vanilla javascript. Concepts such as closures, recursion, "this"-keyword, prototypal inheritance, functional programming, composition, mixins, etc I have read about and practiced a bit with through some very basic JS based applications. Also recently made some very basic todo application in React with Redux so have a (very) basic understanding of that and did some very basic server based stuff in Node JS and Express. I have focused myself mainly on web development and not yet at blockchain (smart-contract) development. Mainly because the documentation/resources for web development are much better currently than in blockchain. Furthermore, I think it would be a big step to start as a blockchain developer considering "Code is law" in the blockchain world. Moreover, as a blockchain is simply stated just a decentralized database, I assume I would also need significant knowledge about web development (i.e. front-end, back-end, tooling, etc.) to apply for such positions. I do not have the ambition (nor the intellectual capacity) to create my own blockchain, but would really like to create a user application that has a blockchain database as back-end as I love the business models and opportunities blockchain is envisioned to create. I've already done quiet a bit of research about resources to learn from and I have created the below schedule. The schedule can be divided into the following components: Computer science foundations  Practical web application / blockchain (smart-contract) development  Internship  Keeping a blog     1. Computer science foundations: OSS University (https://github.com/ossu/computer-science) The choice to include OSS University is based on my believe (and please correct me if I'm wrong) that a good software engineer (especially at a startup) needs more than just know to work with certain frameworks, but needs a broader computer science foundation found in a university degree in order to make good architectural decisions about the app. Such to have a broader understanding of e.g. design patterns, algorithms, data structures, how the internet works (networking etc), compilers. I believe OSS University is a solid curriculum to obtain the equivalent of a bachelor degree in computer science. This curriculum should take me the full 2 years to go through, if not more. Studying will take place from Monday to Friday for approximately 5 hours per day which equals 25 hours per week.   2. Practical web application / blockchain (smart-contract) development In my view programming is both a science and a craft. Science requires learning, but a craft requires doing. The theoretical background learned in OSS University therefore must be supplemented by actually coding apps in the latest frameworks based on the latest standards. Furthermore, coding during these two years will allow me to build a (modest) portfolio for future hiring purposes. Goal is to spend approximately 3.5 hours per day on this from Monday to Friday. In those two years I would like to do the following: Month 1 - 2 Create my own website with blog (and not using wordpress). Month 3-4 Simple cryptocurrency tracker with login features. Month 5 Creating a simple solidity contract in Ethereum. Month 6 - 12 (or more..) Start working on my startup idea. First would be creating a (normal) web app, and if successful ultimately convert to a blockchain based app.  Month 12 - 24 [depends on developments in the first year].     3. Internship After 1 or 2 months (after I have a bit more education and hopefully my personal website done) I would also be searching for internships with blockchain startups in Berlin. I may not be able to add much value right off the bat, but I would work on a low pay and could maybe be a tester so that should be a good value proposition for them. Furthermore I have a very good background in legal, international taxation, finance and accounting. Though I would not like this to be my main job at the company, I would be able to help most startups significantly in this respect while hopefully learning more about coding and programming at the company. Obviously if I would have the intership I would have less time for my above curriculum but that's why I built in some extra cushion (only 8.5 hours a day, and no weekends). Based on my experience in law internships are the best way to learn though, so definitely hope some blockchain startup companies would be willing to give me a shot as an intern.   4. Blog Sunday would be writing a blog post highlighting what I learned the past week and delving into one or two subjects I encountered along the way that interested me. The blog would have two purposes: The blog will force me to recap what I learned during the week thus reinforcing retention.  The blog will be serve as an evidence trail towards future recruiters that I have put in the work and have the necessary knowledge. Especially considering that I will have no formal education in IT (though I do have two master degrees already, one in Economics and one in Tax Law).     Alternatives not included in above schedule Things I have considered but opted not doing: 8-12 week (online) Bootcamp.  Besides believing that one would need to devote more time than 8-12 weeks to have the necessary skills to be a full stack web developer, the costs are too high. I would really like to do a bootcamp to do pair-programming and have review of my code by top tier developers, but the costs of 15K-18K dollar for a bootcamp would be approximately 1 year of living expenses in Berlin. And I am convinced I can do more in 1 year myself than 8-12 weeks in a coding bootcamp as I have the discipline to grind long hours. Going back to university and getting a degree.  I did considering this option, but after a lot of thinking I decided that this would probably be of lesser quality than the course available online and would in the end require more inefficient time. Furthermore I don't have enough money to study again for 4 years.   Summary of schedule In total I would spend 5 hours per day on computer science foundations and 3.5 hours per day on web application/blockchain application development from Monday to Friday. Saturday would be my off day to recharge. Sunday would be a semi-off day working on my blog. Question to you My questions to you is what do you think of this schedule? Based on your experience, would you recommend me to change anything? Would you think my goals are realistic? What do you think of the mixture of both computer science foundations and developments? Any input or advice whatsoever is greatly appreciated as this will decide what I will be doing for the next two years and possibly my entire life :)   Many thanks! Kind regards, Martin.  submitted by /u/chocomel2 [link] [comments] 