Is it worth transferring from SJSU to a mid/high tier UC?
Hi, I currently go to SJSU as a 2nd year, and I've been considering transferring for a long time now. Long story short, I did pretty well in my underdivs/GEs (3.9 overall/4.0 major), so I could potentially transfer to a better school if I wanted to. Idk if it's worth mentioning but I've also completed DSA and another upperdiv. I'm considering two scenarios that could pan out for me, but I don't know which would be worth more than the other: SJSU I stay at SJSU/Silicon Valley and take advantage of my upper-hand in academics/less intense coursework (compared to UC) to have more time on projects/get a better GPA than I would at a UC.  I already have a summer internship offer at a big-name tier 2 software company in the SV, but it's not like that experience doesn't carry over to where i transfer to (It would be over by the time I transfer).  Potentially receive opportunities for part-time internships during the school-year since I am in the SV and am maybe a good candidate? (IDK)  Save some money? I don't want to take this into consideration too much since the money difference isn't too drastic for me to care.   UCSD/UCI/UCD (applying to UCB but will probs get denied) Receive a far better education and receive a name-brand degree.  Have a better network of peers.  Have better career fairs for potentially better companies (SJSU doesn't have any prestigious companies coming out, no big 4, no unicorns, no nothing; adobe is down the block and doesn't even recruit from SJSU lmao).  Receive a drop in my GPA due to transition to quarter system/more intense coursework.  Have the potential to conduct research/take more interesting classes since I am interested in specific fields such as AI (long shot but who knows).  Might potentially take an extra semester or two depending on which school I go to and their transfer policies (doubt it though).   My question is: Is my situation already good/as good as it could be at a UC? Or is it still more beneficial for me to just disregard being in "Silicon Valley" and receive a better education/still be in a semi-decent tech hub? I do have many opportunities here, but they are not opportunities that get me excited. I also feel like I could be receiving a much better education elsewhere (something I value greatly), and I also don't want to disregard a once in a lifetime opportunity since I got rejected from all those schools as a prospective freshman. Edit: formatting Edit 2: And my top choice is UCSD, so if there needed to be a more direct comparison between SJSU, that's the school I'm truly considering.  submitted by /u/Mofo_Turtles [link] [comments] 