[EVERYTHING] The Legend of Lightbringer
Hey guys! I was hesitant in making this post because I didn't really want to reveal anything just yet, but I know what sword lightbringer is. This is post is one of many in my theory to end all theories: A Song of Tin and Foil and I am using it as a promotional to let y'all know that I know how it is all going to end. Enjoy. Lightbringer To understand the Legend of Lightbringer, you need to read it over two times and interpret it differently each time to get to the final conclusion. The first time reading through and interpreting it points to what sword is going to be Lightbringer. The second reading and interpretation of the prophecy is how we achieve Lightbringer. Darkness lay over the world and a hero, Azor Ahai, was chosen to fight against it. To fight the darkness, Azor Ahai needed to forge a hero's sword. He labored for thirty days and thirty nights until it was done. However, when he went to temper it in water, the sword broke. He was not one to give up easily, so he started over.  First sword Joffrey had was thrown into the Ruby Ford when he tried killing Arya with it. The second time he took fifty days and fifty nights to make the sword, even better than the first. To temper it this time, he captured a lion and drove the sword into its heart, but once more the steel shattered.  The second sword Joffrey had was called "Hearteater". The pommel is a ruby cut in the shape of a heart between a lion's jaws. Three fullers are incised deeply in the blade. He revealed this blade before the Battle of Blackwater, where Joffrey ordered Ser Mandon Moore to kill Tyrion (it is revealed as such in the show, I don't know about the books). Ser Mandon Moore tried to drive his blade in Tyrion's heart. "I knew Ser Mandon died in the battle." Shoved into the river by Pod, half a heartbeat before the treacherous bastard could drive his sword through my heart. Tyrion in Jaime I -ASoS The third time, with a heavy heart, for he knew before hand what he must do to finish the blade, he worked for a hundred days and nights until it was finished. This time, he called for his wife, Nissa Nissa, and asked her to bare her breast. He drove his sword into her breast, her soul combining with the steel of the sword, creating Lightbringer, while her cry of anguish and ecstasy left a crack across the face of the moon.  The third blade King Joffrey has is called "Widow's Wail" blade has red and black ripples through the steel and its scabbard is garishly decorated with gold, cherrywood and red leather with golden lions' heads. The eyes of the lions are rubies. Widow's Wail is one of two derivative swords from Ned Stark's Ice, the other one is "Oathkeeper". The person who broke down Ned Stark's Ice is Gendry's master, Tobho Mott. Ned Stark's Ice is going to be Lightbringer. It is why Ice is on the front cover of of A Game of Thrones because Ned Stark's Ice becoming Lightbringer is part of the Song of Ice and Fire. The comet was splendid and scary all at once. "The Red Sword," the Bull named it; he claimed it looked like a sword, the blade still red-hot from the forge. When Arya squinted the right way she could see the sword too, only it wasn't a new sword, it was Ice, her father's greatsword, all ripply Valyrian steel, and the red was Lord Eddard's blood on the blade after Ser Ilyn the King's Justice had cut off his head. Yoren had made her look away when it happened, yet it seemed to her that the comet looked like Ice must have, after.  Gendry is going to reforge the sword. It is also noted that there are seven wanderers/planets in the sky (planet is greek for wanderer). The Red wanderer is associated with the Smith in the Faith of the Seven. Catelyn praying to the gods: Lost and weary, Catelyn Stark gave herself to her gods. She knelt before the Smith, who fixed things that were broken - Catelyn IV ACoK  Now for the second read through and interpretation: Darkness lay over the world and a hero, Azor Ahai, was chosen to fight against it. To fight the darkness, Azor Ahai needed to forge a hero's sword. He labored for thirty days and thirty nights until it was done. However, when he went to temper it in water, the sword broke. He was not one to give up easily, so he started over.  Notice the use of the word "broke" as opposed to "shattered" in the second one. The word "broke" parallels with what Catelyn said about the Smith who "fixed things that are broken". Ned Stark's Ice was broken into two. The second time he took fifty days and fifty nights to make the sword, even better than the first. To temper it this time, he captured a lion and drove the sword into its heart, but once more the steel shattered.  Jaime has Widow's Wail and he is going to drive it through Cersei's heart. The third time, with a heavy heart, for he knew before hand what he must do to finish the blade, he worked for a hundred days and nights until it was finished. This time, he called for his wife, Nissa Nissa, and asked her to bare her breast. He drove his sword into her breast, her soul combining with the steel of the sword, creating Lightbringer, while her cry of anguish and ecstasy left a crack across the face of the moon.  Ice's two derivative swords become Lightbringer. Jon Snow is going to have to kill Daenerys for lightbringer. I think the second readover is necessary which is why the wife is called "Nissa Nissa" and not just "Nissa".  submitted by /u/KingAegonTargaryenVI [link] [comments] 