"Blue Ruin", "Green Room", "I Don't Feel at Home in This World Anymore" - Using character ineptitude to create more visceral violence
Blue Ruin And Green Room are the last two films written/directed by Jeremy Saulnier and I really like both of them (Green Room in particular) because I feel they are both generally very well-made films -- but I think the most unique quality that these films possess is their ability to portray characters participating in violent confrontation who are completely inept at it. Without thinking about how this might translate to the characters' onscreen actions it might sound silly or like a bad idea or whatever but this is the main reason I encourage people to watch these films. I believe that the more grounded, realistic portrayal of characters trapped in unfamiliar, overwhelming situations adds a degree of tension that most film violence doesn't contain. I know when watching a fight in a Marvel movie (for example) the action may be well-choreographed with plenty of punches and kicks and jumping around and whatnot, but in these types of fights there is often minimal tension. But thats because, like in many movies that contain action scenes like that, the protagonist is very SKILLED when it comes to fighting. But when your protagonist(s) have no idea what the hell they're doing you as the viewer really can't know whether they're going to make it out alive and it makes the whole thing that much more tense. Or the tension could simply come from the fact that the action and violence just feels so much more real due to its depiction. In Blue Ruin and Green Room, that element of realness comes from characters being clumsy, making mistakes, and improvising, often poorly. The characters are basically just regular people. These aren't cops, or heroes fighting for their lives. The characters are just regular, desperate, scared people. In Blue Ruin our protagonist is just some homeless drifter who throws himself in a situation against overwhelming odds out of desperation. In Green Room the main characters are just members of a punk band who are trapped in a building with a bunch of armed skinheads. In these three movies, the only character that seems to have any sort of actual skill when it comes to physical combat is the bands drummer who in one scene manages to hold another character down using some sort of leglock manoeuvre. Whatever specific training he possesses is never mentioned but that act alone demonstrates he has more skill than anyone else, and that amount of skill is acceptably realistic, implying maybe when he was younger he trained in tae-know-do, like many young people do, just as an example. Macon Blair, who plays the protagonist in Blue Ruin and a character in Green Room, wrote/directed I Don't Feel at Home in This World Anymore and carried over that awareness and in my opinion all three of these movies are highly worthwhile films that I hope will encourage more movies to embrace that style of violence which allows more tension and excitement to be extracted out of violence. Most violence in movies is so glamorized that it has almost no effect on the viewer. In the case of these movies effective violence looks messy and improvised.  submitted by /u/MyUnclesALawyer [link] [comments] 