Official /r/NBA Power Rankings #1 (10.30.2017)
28/30 rankers reporting this week. Unlike most power rankings, /r/NBA's Power Rankings are published every two weeks and cover teams form during that period along with past and projections on the future. # Team Δ Record Comment   1  Rockets +2 5-2 In spite of missing CP3, Nene, and Ariza, the Rockets pulled off one of the best records over the scope of this ranking. While there were clear gaps in the armor -- the offense struggled to assemble much of anything twice against the Grizzlies, and they played a few inferior teams much more tightly than they should have -- the Rockets are starting to prove that they'll be fine, even without the depth given up in the Chris Paul trade.  2  Grizzlies +16 5-1 We’ve outperformed expectations. Marc and Mike are good, but the bench is better. Out 3 rotation players (Green, McClemore, Selden), the Grizzlies bench has put the team on their collective backs. Houston lost to Memphis with Marc and Mike combining for 14 points, the bench contributing over 60 points. Chalmers, Evans, and Parsons all coming back from injury has created a bond that makes for great chemistry.  3  Clippers +9 4-1 It's been a cautiously optimistic two weeks for your average Clipper fan, with a 4-1 record that looks great on paper. So far the team has proven they can beat up on lesser teams but look pretty much on the same level as a Portland or Detroit. Good news is our power forward is now Blake Curry, a sharpshooting MVP candidate. And the team's new additions are contributing a whole lot. If Austin Rivers can gain his last year form, expect a solid playoff contender with depth out the wazoo.  4  Warriors -3 4-3 Looks like the Warriors haven't woken up from their championship hangover quite yet. Offensively the Warriors look a step off on plays. Defensively the Warriors look sloppy. Overall they've relied on their talent to get to their 4-3 record to start the season.  5  Spurs -- 4-2 The season has started off about as well as you could hope for the Silver and Black. Featuring a 4-0 start on the back of strong play by LMA and co, there were immediate calls to last year's record without Kawhi suggesting that the Spurs' MVP candidate truly did not matter as much to the team as people thought. Hopefully the last two games, both losses to the surging Magic and better-than-expected Pacers, demonstrate that this Spurs team's ceiling is dramatically handicapped by the absence of our superstar SF as well as veteran Tony Parker (who was announced to be commencing his rehab with the Austin Spurs' training camp this week). With rumblings that Kawhi may return in our Nov 2 bout against the Warriors, Spurs fans will wait with baited breath for our franchise cornerstone to return.  6  Wizards +1 4-2 Don't let the record fool you, The Wizards have not played like a playoff team yet this season. Thankfully we're only 6 games into the season so we have plenty of time to overreact. John Wall has started the season on a cold spell and has resorted to isos in late game situations which has burnt the team against the Lakers and Warriors already. With the recent bench additions, only Tim Fraizer and Scott look to be plus contributors thus far. Wizards could easily be 5-1 or 1-5 at this point of the season with how close each game has been. But there is some silver lining with this team. Markieff Morris should be returning very soon and will give the team the toughness they're desperately missing. Kelly Oubre and Otto Porter have taken big strides this season; especially Oubre in the caressing department. It's a long season and the East is anybody's for the taking this year. It is very realistic that the Wizards could be the team who takes it!  7  Celtics -1 4-2 Hayward is alive and well, and if you believe reports could be back in time for the playoffs. In the wake of the Hayward injury and starting the season 0-2, the Celtics seem to have figured things out and are current on a 4 game winning streak with wins over the 76ers, Knicks, Bucks, and Heat. That being said, the next two weeks will be a telling test for the Celtics. Matchups against the Spurs, @Thunder, @Magic, @Hawks, Lakers, Hornets, and Raptors will give fans a better idea as to how the Celtics stand in the East. In other news, the Celtics were officially granted a $8.4M Disabled Player Exception, though most people don't expect the Celtics to make a move until at least buyouts occur later in the season.  8  Raptors -- 3-2 It's been good start to the season; 3-2 is exactly where I thought they would be at this point. Even though it's been 3 days I am still a salt factory at how they ISO'd away the Warriors game. Coming back against the Lakers was key to get back on track for the remainder of the road trip. Lowry (33.8 MPG) and Derozan (34.0 MPG) have been able to rest a lot with the play of the young bench so far.  9  Magic +16 4-2 Off to their best start since 2011, the Magic have surprised basically everyone this season. What a difference a competent front office and coaching stability can do for a team. Gordon seems to have made the jump everyone was waiting for, Vucevic has added a 3-point shot to his game and Simmons has provided a much needed spark off the bench. Even though he's only a rookie, last night's game against Charlotte shows how important Isaac is to our defensive gameplan. Ball movement and shooting has been phenomenal for the most part and it'll be interesting to see how Payton meshes with the team when he returns. Just one question to ask, what exactly are the Magic doing?  10  Bucks +1 4-2 Through six games, the Bucks have played five of those six games against likely playoff teams and should be quite happy with making it out of that stretch 4-2. Everyone's already heard about Giannis' dominance, but it can't be mentioned enough how poor the rest of the team has played. The only other bright spots have been Brogdon, Tony Snell, our 15th man DeAndre Liggins, and shockingly John Henson. Khris Middleton has started the season freezing cold (although he did have a great 2nd half against Atlanta fwiw) and if it wasn't for Giannis willing this team to victory we could easily be 0-6 or 1-5. Jason Kidd has also continued to coach poorly, having been outcoached in every game (especially the Celtics games) and he would absolutely be on the hot-seat right now if he wasn't riding on the Greek Freek's massive shoulders.  11  Pistons +8 5-2 The Pistons were off to a solid if somewhat unimpressive start to the year heading into the weekend, then they went and beat the Clippers and Warriors on back to back nights on the road. Andre is still hitting his free throws, Reggie Jackson is starting to look like himself, Tobias Harris is a stud. There is a lot of season to go but the Pistons are off to a great start and look like the team they were supposed to be last year before Reggie's knee started hurting.  12  Trailblazers +1 4-2 The over-under on the Portland Trail Blazers before the season began was 42.5 games. The season is still young, but early indicators are that you would have been smart to take they over. The team is top ten in both offense and defense - usually an indicator that a team is a "true" contender - and it's only two losses have come from a combined four points. Their competitions will likely get stiffer, but after two straight slow starts, it's a refreshing change to see a motivated team right out of the gate this season.  13  Cavaliers -11 3-4 The Cavs really showed how weak they can be against a team with a legitimate center that has a good offensive game. They also showed that they still come into games expecting “bad” teams to lay down and lose to them. They’ve shown their inability to run sets a good majority of the time, as well as to have defensive lapses just as often. Their age has also shown on back-to-back games, where a majority of the team doesn’t show up for a good portion of the game, everyone just expects LeBron to just keep them in the game the majority of the time. While some of it can be blamed on “new team, new pieces need time to mesh”, we still look lazy and time rarely fixes effort. Shout out to Jeff Green for keeping me interested some of the time, he hasn’t been our best player, but the dude exerts energy  14  Thunder -10 3-3 The Thunder have struggled so far, which isn't entirely surprising. While OKC is top 10 in both offensive and defensive efficiency, they've dropped some close games. The defence is impressive, with Adams, PG13 and Roberson forming a robust defensive core. The offence, on the other hand, is clearly going through growing pains. Westbrook hasn't been his usual aggressive shot, ceding lots of touches to PG13 and Melo to help them settle in. It feels a lot like what we saw with Curry early last season trying to accomodate Durant. The shooting's also been bad, but things we'll get better, as PG13 has shot lights out in the last 2 games.  15  TWolves -6 3-3 Wolves are lucky to be where they are right bow essentially a handful of clutch buckets away from a winless start. Depth and defense are already a concern as shown by the lack of both leading to blowout losses when Jimmy Butler had to take 2 nights off. It's still a young season but concerns abound for how successful this team can be this season.  16  Pelicans -2 3-3 The Pelicans as a team have flip flopped from last season. With a now good offense and bad defense, all their problems seem to be on opposite ends of the ball compared to last year. Missing two starters has been a huge influence on their defensive woes (Solomon Hill was the heart of the Pels defense last season), and it has also cased some troubles on the offensive end early on (without Rondo nobody was able to sufficiently run the offense). But the signing of Jameer Nelson has proved to have a huge impact, and the duo of Boogie and AD has continued to get better and better as every game goes on. The record could look much better right now if a few things had gone differently (AD not going down against Portland; having Jameer in the lineup against the Warriors to take some pressure off our bigs and other guards), but there's no reason to dwell on the past. The Pelicans are looking up.  17  Jazz -1 3-3 As most predicted, the Jazz are stuggling offensively with no clear go-to scorer. Rodney Hood has been sidelined for a few games with minor injuries in the first two weeks, which has given rookie Donovan Mitchell the opportunity to slot into the starting lineup and show us what he's made of.  18  Hornets -1 3-3 The Hornets are aiming to tread water until Batum returns, and this fortnight, despite missed games from 5 rotation players, managed that. Jeremy Lamb has looked good in replacing Nic, and Dwight tied a record set by Chuck for most 15 rebound games to start a season. The schedule only gets worse, and the team still isn't healthy, but once everyone is this is potentially the deepest team in the East.  19  Nuggets -9 3-3 With six games in the books, the Nuggets have looked spectacularly "meh" to start off the season. The addition of Paul Millsap hasn't quite been the seamless transition that many were expecting, and some of the decision making by the coaching staff, rotations in particular, has been questionable. However, they're still playing .500 basketball, along with the rest of the Northwest Division, and after their Monday visit to Madison Square Garden, the Nuggets have a six game homestand awaiting them. There's still some massive question marks with this team, especially at the point guard position, but most of their issues on offense can be remedied, and likely will be in the coming weeks.  20  Pacers +3 3-3 Indiana's offense is off to a blistering start, as they currently hold the 4th best offensive rating in the league. The Pacers struggled against Portland and OKC, but picked up impressive wins against Minnesota and San Antonio. Newcomers Victor Oladipo and Domantas Sabonis have been stellar, and when Myles Turner returns from a concussion, this team's defense will surely take a step forward.  21  Nets +3 3-4 The Nets started the season off better than expected. Their offense looks legit but their defense is going to let up A LOT of points this year with the current pace and system. D'Lo got hurt and we've seen a slight drop off in production and minutes but there seems to be no cause for concern. Losing Lin was a big loss but Brooklyn looks like they'll be fighting all season long. A few Nets fans with playoff hopes are upset but most of us knew the season would be tough with or without Lin.  22  Heat -7 2-3 The Miami Heat are 2-2 to start their season, winning against the Hawks and the Pacers but losing lopsidedly against the Magic and the Spurs. Hassan Whiteside has missed the past few games with a knee injury so it has led to a lot of rotation at the Center position with Jordan Mickey or Bam Adebayo getting starts there. Mickey or Adebayo play a couple minutes before getting replaced with Kelly Olynyk who does his best to channel his inner Whiteside. The guards have been pretty good with Dragic continuining his Eurobasket form and Dion Waiters starting to warm up. Wayne Ellington had a good game against the Hawks before being limited to 6 minutes against the Spurs and Tyler Johnson did his best against the Spurs scoring 23 points in 33 minutes. After Rodney McGruder went out with his stress fracture it was a question mark who would replace his tenacity on defense but Josh Richardson stepped in and has done well.  23  76ers -3 2-4 The 76ers are feeling growing pains. There's no doubt about that. A new cast of characters jam packed with youth will no doubt stuggle to play a clean 48 minutes. Ben Simmons has looked as NBA ready as pretty much any rookie in the last decade or more. The team continues to look a bit listless on defense when Joel Embiid leaves the court. Richaun Holmes returns friday to fill the backup C spot. It turns out Fultz was a ghost the whole time. M Night is a big Sixers guy (that's true).  24  Lakers -2 2-4 While all of the scrutiny or praise has been on the Ball boy, what's going unnoticed is that the Lakers are 11th in Def Rtg, a significant improvement from being 30th last season. Now the problem is, we have 0 shooters and 0 half court offense. Julius Randle continues to impress off the bench, while Josh Hart has found a spot in the rotation. Luke also wishes he could play Lonzo for 48 minutes.  25  Knicks +3 2-3 His threes haven't been falling, but Porzingis has been much more aggresive in the post, averaging 27/8 on 55% TS. In the post, he's averaging 1.17 PPP, in the pick and roll, he's averaging 1.33 PPP. He gets most of his buckets from the midrange, where he's shooting 52%. Hernangomez hasn't really played, Hardaway Jr. is struggled with his shot, and even getting to the right spots in the offense, and Ntilikina looked sharp in his minutes on the defensive end, and passing.  26  Suns +1 2-4 After playing the worst basketball I have ever seen, the Suns look like a new team under Jay "Bae" Triano. To steal a quote, "all the people who chatted shit and fired off hot takes about this team can fuck off. Acting like you know anything about the Suns when you haven't watched us play in the last 7 years. Look at where we are now. Champions of the world. Suck my ass."  27  Kings -1 1-5 Well no surprise here the Kings suck .George Hill has been disappointing to say the least,Z-Bo hasn’t seen a shot he hasn’t liked and Buddy Bomber can’t make anything this year.However De’Aaron Fox looks like a legit ROY contender and Bogdan Bogdanovic is worth every penny spent bringing him over. At 1-5 more losses are likely to come but all I can ask for is noticeable improvement and a Top-3 Pick  28  Mavericks -7 1-6 I wrote last week how the Mavs would likely tank this season. However, no one expected it quite like this. The Mavs don't play Noel full minutes, and the rotation heavily favors Dwight Powell over Noel, and even Dirk in the first game. Seth Curry is still hurt, so maybe he brings a spark. However, things are looking bad ths season. We're hyped for Doncic/Bagley/Porter/Ayton. Check out our twitter @redditmavericks for more on how fans feel about the team.  29  Hawks -- 1-6 The season is going just as planned. The Hawks are losing, but they are staying close in the games. Nearly every game the Hawks are going down by 15-20 points but keep fighting to only lose by 5-10. It's encouraging that the players leading our team are not the veterans but our young players.Dennis, John Collins, and Taurean Prince are the players who are making the biggest impacts while players like Marco Belinelli and Dewayne Dedmon are playing well and boosting their potential trade value. Retooling while remaining competitive>Tanking.  30  Bulls -- 1-4 Despite getting out-tanked by the Hawks, the chase for the #1 pick starts as planned. Lauri Markkanen looks good & that's the only thing that matters in Chicago. For rookies he's: 1st in 3PM, 1st in REB, 2nd in PTS, 3rd in FTM, 9th in WS. For teams the Bulls are: 29th in MOV, 30th in Off/RT, 30th in FG% (38.5% yikes), 29th in PPG. Cast your votes for worst guard rotation in the league here.     submitted by /u/powerrankingsnba [link] [comments] 