Why the Mercy Changes Are Fantastically Designed
With the Mercy hell we've been in, it feels great that we finally have a patch on the PTR. I want to take some time to discuss all of the ways the solution Blizzard went with has the potential to be perfect.   Ideally, a change to resurrect (or any ability) would try to accomplish all of the following: Decrease the amount of Resurrects  Increase the Skill Cap of the Mercy player  Increase the Skill Cap of Mercy's teammates by adding strategic layers  Increase the Skill Cap of Mercy's opponents  Increase Hero Diversity in the game   I think Blizzard's change maximizes all of these in great ways.   Resurrect on a 2 second channel where she moves at 25% speed means she sacrifices her life if she attempts it in the middle of combat or in most non-poke phase situations. Without coordination, Resurrect will mostly be used to undo backline picks, poke phase mistakes, and long range picks. The change also solves the headache with how Mercy would Resurrect Tanks for Free, and reintroduces win conditions into the game. Killing the enemy Rein becomes a viable win condition again because a dead rein is harder to resurrect without a shield to protect you as compared to a dead squishy, who you can resurrect with the help of your anchor tank. On the margins, we'll see the occasional resurrect in more combat heavy situations which will be really clutch.   The situational nature of Resurrect in turn raises the skill ceiling of Mercy. Having to determine where to position yourself to pull off a resurrect quickly before the enemy team takes over that space becomes important. Tracking your reinhardt's shield or your Zarya's bubble, or seeing whether a big CC Ult opens a window for you to pull off a Resurrect enters into the mix. Additionally, because you wont be using a resurrect whenever its on cooldown, you can make decisions on who to heal and who to "let go of" in situations where someone on your team is going to have to die. In the old patch, it didn't really matter who you chose to save with healing vs save with resurrect, but now you might favor saving your Rein with healing over saving your Mccree, since the latter can be easily resurrected. Finally, Resurrecting someone means spending about 3 seconds not healing your team (a second to target select and fly in, and two seconds to channel). That's theoretically a 3 second window where the Mercy's team is missing 180-240 healing. That represents a big opportunity for the enemy team to snowball a fight, giving the mercy even harder decisions to plan out.   The new resurrect considerably raises the skill ceiling of Mercy's team. To get the Resurrect you are looking for, you will need a Rein/Orisa shield, Defense Matrix or a well timed Zarya bubble in heat of the moment situations. One thing that was debated endlessly was, should a Resurrect Channel ability stop when Mercy receives damage, and I'm so glad they chose to make it so it still goes through.   Because damage doesn't cancel out a Resurrect, a team can use Sound Barrier, Zenyatta Ult, and maybe even Nano Boost with focused healing to secure the resurrect. On top of that, certain offensive ultimates like Whole Hog, Dead Eye, Earth Shatter, Mei Ult, Diva Bomb and Grav can be used to create a window to pull off a resurrect. All it takes is coordination and synergy.   Similarly, the channel design raises the skill ceiling of the opposing team. There is the obvious fact that a resurrecting Mercy is an easy and high priority pick. But on top of that, when a Mercy is channeling a resurrect, there is a 3-4 second window where Mercy’s team is receiving no healing and snowballing a fight is manageable. Because Boops, Stuns, and Hacks will cancel out a Resurrect, a well-protected Mercy is still vulnerable but not so easily that it can be done thoughtlessly. Based on this gif we can see that Mercy can negate some of the knockback she receives meaning not every form of knockback will be enough. This is a good thing, since if a Lucio boop could knock Mercy out of resurrect, we’d probably see Lucio as a must pick again. However, I’m willing to wager a Doomfist punch, or a Lucio boop coordinated with a Diva Dive/Winston Leap might be enough. Forcing this type of coordinated commitment on the part of the opposing team, but only If Mercy’s team are themselves coordinated creates an intricate web of interactions that excites me to see.   Finally, I want to talk about how the changes will impact compositions. If Resurrect was truly bad and brainless to counter (with a Lucio boop for example), we’d see her completely replaced by Ana/Zen/Lucio. But now, we can justify any pair of support characters, including Ana + Mercy since dedicated burst focused healing from Ana can allow Mercy to pull off crucial resurrects.   Second of all, Mercy will be relatively ineffective within Dive compositions, and her resurrect will most easily be used to counter backline picks from Tracer. In this way, she can soft counter the efforts of one of the most impactful least counterable characters. These changes act as a soft nerf to dive and opens the flexibility of shield based hero compositions, especially Orisa whose shield stays up even after she dies, and Zarya, who was used a meager 5% of the time in APAC (barely more than Doomfist). The existence of Mercy increases the viability of more niche picks as well:   For example, Mei’s Ice wall may be one of the best tools to allow for a resurrect window. Torbjorn, who usually stands far away enough from the action can be flexibility resurrected, and he provides armor to give a Mercy some survivability during a resurrect. Bastion based comps that always rely on a shield have more potential. I can easily see shield based compositions come back into play in a big way.   As you can tell, I’m really excited with the changes and I’m super glad they went with a channel that doesn’t cancel with damage. I think this could, in the long run, be a great change for making Mercy have a viable role in compositions while adding a lot of strategic depth to her ceiling.  submitted by /u/The_NZA [link] [comments] 