Blizzard always listens to feedback. It's why balancing Mercy has been difficult.
I've seen a lot of people angry at Blizzard for the recent series of changes to Mercy, and I want to provide some context. Every iteration of Mercy has been based on popular community feedback (or at least, the loudest feedback). In the beginning, was an ultimate. A lot of complaints were levelled at Mercy's hide and res, as well as her lack of an E ability. So Blizzard reworked her based on this feedback. On the PTR people played it in a gimmicky way, so the data and feedback wasn't great (and was very split). Read from the beginning of this thread for that.  After Mercy 2.0 was released, people started realising she was overpowered. Based on this feedback, Blizzard released a PTR patch that removed the res cooldown reduction and reset on Valk. The reaction to this was, not good. Many thought it was too much as seen in these threads: Forum, Reddit 1, Reddit 2, Reddit 3, Reddit 4  Due to this feedback, Mercy gained a second res during Valk. this iteration was released and people saw that her pickrate didn't lower. In response to this, Blizzard has released a new PTR patch.   This is where we are now. The latest PTR patch just went up, giving res a cast time and slowing Mercy. I made this post because I've seen many respond to this by asking how Blizzard could of let the previous iterations go to live without realising they were OP. Some saying if Blizzard listened to PTR feedback, they would realise these things. But it's because they listen to community feedback constantly that these things happen. Another example of community feedback on the PTR being difficult to listen to is this thread on the recent D.Va change. TLDR: Blizzard are always listening to feedback, including PTR feedback. But the reliability of this feedback has been very poor, especially in regard to Mercy. Leaving feedback is important, but don't get mad at Blizzard for "not listening" and "not realising a change is OP". Doing both simultaneously is somewhat impossible.  submitted by /u/ToastyPyre [link] [comments] 