Overwatch League Team Roster Overview and Introduction: Dallas Fuel
/u/seagull_no1_fanboy and I are collaborating to create Team Overviews for those wondering about what exactly these Overwatch League Rosters are, if you are new or not that into Overwatch Esports yet, then this is for you! Dallas Fuel Dallas Fuel’s Twitter - EnVyUs' Franchise - Season 1 Roster Players Note: Most of this team came from the EnVyUs lineup, one of the most successful Overwatch teams since the beginning of Overwatch. Its core (cocco, chiphajen, HarryHook and Taimou) has been together for over a year and a half. EnVyUs was widely considered one of the best teams in the West. Tanks 1. Christian "cocco" Jonsson - Twitter / Twitch cocco hails from Sweden and is the main tank player for the team. He is regarded as one of the best Western tanks, especially on Reinhardt. To paraphrase xQc’s thoughts on cocco, he doesn't try to make flashy plays or carry the team on his back - he does whatever is needed to win, essentially enabling other players to carry. 2. Félix "xQc" Lengyel - #12 - Twitter / Twitch xQc (Formerly Arc6, Denial eSports) from Canada is the latest addition to Dallas Fuel. He is famous for his energetic Twitch stream, as well as his aggressive, bold Winston play. His playstyle contrasts with cocco’s in its aggression. Contrary to popular belief, he is not a Winston one-trick. He is also a very capable Reinhardt, having previously been a Reinhardt main before Winston was meta. He is also on the Canadian 2017 World Cup Team. 3. Pongphop "Mickie" Rattanasangchod - Twitter / Twitch Mickie (Formerly “Weed Time”) is the heart of the team, and undoubtedly the smile of it. Many people both inside and outside of EnVyUs have remarked on his ability to stay positive and keep his team's spirits up even in the direst of circumstances. He is one of the world’s best D.va players, and plays a mean Zarya as well. He was discovered by INTERNETHULK (former captain and player of EnVyUs) and HarryHook at the World Cup in 2016, at which he was representing Thailand. DPS 1. Hyeon "EFFECT" Hwang - Twitter / Twitch EFFECT (Formerly Meta Bellum, Meta Athena) is the superstar Tracer player for the team. He has displayed incredible mastery of Tracer. EnVyUs has noted that they have often strategised around setting EFFECT up to carry, and he fulfils this role to a tee. He is also a very good Doomfist and Genji player, but he doesn’t play them nearly as often as Tracer due to her necessity in the meta. Supports 1. Sebastian "chipshajen" Widlund - Twitter / Twitch chipshajen, like cocco, is Swedish. He is Dallas Fuel’s flex support player, and has played Ana, Zenyatta, Sombra and Mercy for his team. He is known as the silent carry of team due the consistency of his top tier performance across his hero pool, over a long period of online and LAN tournaments. 2. Scott "Custa" Kennedy - Twitter / Twitch Custa(Formerly Arc6, Fnatic) is the sole Australian in Overwatch League, and is a flex support player. He is a very skilled player on all of the support heroes. His addition to the team allows great flexibility within its supports, particularly in light of HarryHook’s DPS skill and chipshajen’s sombra capability. Flex 1. Brandon "Seagull" Larned - Twitter / Twitch Seagull (Formerly NRG, Luminosity Gaming) is the most popular Overwatch streamer, and the only American player on the roster. He has been a pro player since the very earliest days of professional Overwatch, although he took a break from professional play for most of 2017 to focus on streaming. He is a very capable DPS projectile player, specialising in heroes like Pharah, Genji, Hanzo, Mei and Junkrat for the Dallas Fuel. 2. Jonathan "HarryHook" Tejedor Rua - Twitter / Twitch HarryHook from Spain is also known as CarryHook – and for good reason. He is the Lucio player for Team EnVyUs and Dallas Fuel, but he has played DPS in the past, distinguishing himself on Soldier 76 and Reaper. His synergy with chipshajen has been noted as absolutely top tier, making them a powerful support duo 3. Timo "Taimou" Kettunen - Twitter / Twitch Taimou is an explosive Finnish DPS/flex player for Dallas Fuel. He is recognised largely for his “good aim” on Widowmaker and McCree. Taimou’s proficiency on Widowmaker in particular has been remarked by pros as terrifying to face - his flick shots are unparalleled. More recently, he has played Soldier 76, Sombra, Junkrat and Genji. Meanwhile, his Roadhog in the early months of pro Overwatch was a thing to behold, and the hero remains a favourite niche pick for Taimou. Staff 1. Kyle "KyKy" Sounder - Head Coach - Twitter / Twitch KyKy is the coach for Dallas Fuel. A former pro player for Cloud9, he joined Team EnVyUs after Apex Season 2. He is often credited for helping their continued success, especially in regard to strategy and counterplay against other teams. Additionally, he has played a huge part in expanding the EnVyUs roster to create the Dallas Fuel team for the Overwatch League 2. Mat "TazMo" Taylor - General Manager - Twitter / Twitch TazMo is the General Manager of the team and Resident Partyboy   By u/shomman, u/Seagull_No1_Fanboy Thanks to liquipedia for images and u/involving for wonderful editing If you have any feedback or questions, please feel free to ask or suggest! Very happy for either.  submitted by /u/shomman [link] [comments] 