Showerthoughts Fall 2017 charity: water campaign!
TL;DR: We've partnered with TheYetee.com to launch a new charity: water campaign! Get your own Showerthoughts 'charity swag' here! Donate directly here! Graphic designers/artists keep reading! Hey everyone! Some of you might recall our 2014 charity: water campaign where, with your help, we raised just over $10,000! That was enough to fully fund an entire project, as well as partially fund one other. Our fully funded project, a drilled well for the Mgomo community in Malawi, provided clean drinking water for 243 people who previously had to walk 2 hours to collect unclean drinking water. The second project we helped fund, a well at a Malawian school, gave 415 children clean drinking water, hygiene training, and a hand washing station. Thanks to those who donated, our campaign helped improve the daily lives of 658 people! 663 million people in the world still live without access to clean water. With 5 million different people visiting this silly page every month, we figure that if we have the opportunity to make even the slightest difference in this cause, it would be foolish not to take it. So, with that said, we're launching a new charity: water campaign! We'll be doing things slightly differently this time around; Instead of being purely donation based like our first campaign, we've partnered with the awesome folks over at TheYetee.com to create Showerthoughts logo-tees, pins, and stickers to sell with 100% of the proceeds going towards our campaign. Mike from TheYetee worked with us to bring the cost down on each item, up the percentage of each sale that goes to charity, and handle all other associated costs. Shirts are only $20, with $10 of each sale going directly to charity... and worry not, my fellow tall people - we made sure to have something you can wear too, as currently the red and royal blue tees come in tall sizes! Everyone at TheYetee has been so helpful and supportive and we're super excited to be partnered with them! Limited Monthly Tees As TheYetee specializes in daily shirts showcasing artwork from amazing independent artists, we thought it'd be a mistake not to take full advantage of that! We would like to offer monthly special limited-batch tees designed by our community. If you're an artist/graphic designer and would like to re-imagine our logo for use on a t-shirt, please send your designs to rshowerthoughts@gmail.com. Of course we will give appropriate credit to you on the store page, subreddit, and social media if selected! Not interested in Showerthoughts swag but still want to donate to old-fashioned way? No worries! Just click here to go to our campaign page and you can donate as much or as little as you'd like. Any amount helps, and if you can't donate but still wish to support the cause, you can do so by sharing this post on social media or creating a campaign of your own! Why charity: water? We’ve chosen charity: water, a “non-profit organization on a mission to bring clean and safe drinking water to every person on the planet.“ So far, charity: water has funded 24,537 water projects for 7 million people in 24 countries all around the world - using 100% of received donations. Here’s a link to their website, I’d encourage everyone to see what the organization stands for and how they operate. For those who are curious as to how reputable the organization is - feel free to take a look at the following third-party reviews: 1, 2. How long will this go on for? charity: water limits each campaign quarterly, so while this campaign page will expire December 31st this year, we will likely create another campaign page for the following Winter, Spring, Summer, etc. This is all subject to change, but that's the current plan! "I'm tired of seeing this sticky, how do I hide it??" Click the "hide" button beneath the post title :) Random stuff and edits If you get some Showerthoughts swag, tweet pics at us @rShowerthoughts!  submitted by /u/drumcowski [link] [comments] 