TIFU by feeding my sister a spider and almost burning down our kitchen
Ok so it wasn't today, this happened years ago. At home we had 2 kitchens, one inside the house (the clean kitchen) and another structure a few meters away from the house which we call the dirty kitchen where butchering, fish cooking and generally cooking for a lot of guests happened (not sure if this is a common thing or not). Anyway, one time, my parents were out. Having nothing to do and being the aspiring young chef i was, I decided to cook something for the first time. We had some garden vegetables outside our house and remembered a recipe that i decided to make with them. So i asked my younger sister to help me gather some of the veggies and help me cook. Since it was a favorite dish of hers, she helped me with a lot of enthusiasm. This being my first time, I soaked the vegetables to "clean" them while i prepared the other ingredients. Then i dumped them all in there and happily cooked myself a storm (or at least that was what i thought i was doing). My happily sister watched from the background. When i was done, let's just say, it didn't exactly look like what i pictured, but close. I'm not really the sweetest older brother out there, so i decided to use my sister to taste it. Since it was one of her favorites and trusted me, she didnt give it any second thoughts. I scooped it up and fed her a spoonful. First taste and she smiled, I asked her if it was good and she nodded in approval. But then, there was something she bit into that didnt seem right. She took it out of her mouth and there it was, the 8 legged bug, drowned then cooked and ultimately fed to my sister under the vegetables. Her face was a wreck when she saw that and ran off crying. I chased after her and consoled her for some time. What i forgot was that i didn't turn the stove off! So when we returned to throw out my spider stew, flames were raging from the stove to the wall. We frantically turned off the stove and put it out with water. We (yes, according to me, my innocent sister was with me on this) could've tried to hide it from our parents but there were large scorch marks on the wet walls guess i'll die. That, and my sister revealing that she was fed a spider got me into a lot of trouble that day. At least my food tasted good i guess TLDR: cooked food, fed it to my sister and discovered that it had a spider in what she ate. She runs off, we forget the stove was on, and we return with the kitchen burning which we eventually put out  submitted by /u/Icecolddragon [link] [comments] 