TIFU by having way too much alcohol and ending up breaking my teeth
This happened yesterday (or more specifically today at around 00:10ish). So, my friend was organising a house party and invited tons of people. They began showing up at around 20:00 and so did my really good friends, which brought vodka to share. We began the night with 4 shots of about 20ml each. Many of the other guests also had some of the vodka, so in the end it finished rather quickly. The host of the party decided to give my friends some cash to buy some more drinks. While they were out buying drinks, my other friend and I decided to have a few shots of Bulgarian rakia, 60% alc. vol. (I am Bulgarian myself). First fuck up of the night. It hit me so hard alongside with the previous vodka shots that I was already barely standing still. By the time I consumed the rakia shots my friends were back from the store with another 2 bottles of vodka, so me being drunk I had the brilliant idea to do another few shots of vodka. Second fuck up. Now this is the part where I'm pretty sure you all came for: After the 3rd round of shots I was really fucked up and didn't know what was happening and I couldn't walk. So, again, I had a brilliant idea to go outside for a breath of fresh air. As I somehow make it outside while really drunk, I see some concrete stairs which look comfy to sit on. The stairs are laid on a small slope made of dirt since thats how the terrain is. I stumble my way to the top of the stairs for god knows what reason and drop my glasses. It's dark and the only thing I am thinking is "Shit I gotta find my glasses". So I lean over to look for my glasses, and since me being at the top of the slope and drunk, I topple over and start rolling down the hill (in like a sleeping position, not in the Samurai Jack type of rolling he does). I hit my mouth in the concrete stairs. At first I didnt feel anything, but then I put my tongue on my teeth and feel that there is a whole at the front. Panic strikes, I am blind and it's dark. I somehow found my glasses and I rush to the bathroom to see the damages. Since I was drunk, it seemed way worse than it actually is. My top two front teeth each are a little chipped at the bottom, with one having a tiny part chipped off while the other has a pretty medium sized chunk (idk how big it has to be for it to be considered as medium). I begin hyperventilating, everyone from the party is knocking and asking me if I'm fine but my mind is filled with the thought of a fucking whole in my teeth. I then proceed to go to bed, dizzy as hell and ultra worried. I then end up puking all the alcohol I drank. I wake up the next morning, feeling fresh as a newborn baby, for some reason, and then I remembered the whole in my teeth. It actually isn't as bad as I thought it was. It was a holiday in Belgium today, so I have to contact to my dentist tomorrow to arrange an appointment ASAP. Will make an up-date post if this blows up. TL;DR: got stupidly drunk at a house party, went outside for a breath of fresh air, end up rolling down a slope and breaking my teeth on a set of concrete stairs.  submitted by /u/starabtor [link] [comments] 