TIFU by having a tantrum on behalf of my kid
My wife brought me and the kids along on a trip to a conference on a tropical Caribbean island... all I have to do is watch the kids and I basically get a free vacation while she networks/learns/whatever it is people do at these things. My son is four and can’t really swim in the ocean by himself so this entails a lot of me carrying him in the water... eventually I get tired and suggest we take a break and he complains that he will get cold if he gets out of the water, so I suggest a quick dip in the hot tub. We go over and nobody is using it so I turn it on and then realize neither of us showered off the sand on our legs, so we head over to the shower. As we are leaving a couple comes up to the hot tub and gets in, and I think to myself, “this might be a little weird/awkward but I can handle it.” Well, by the time we get back from the shower that couple had been joined by six other adults, and there is no more room for us—or, phrased another way, there is no way I am getting my son into a hot tub with eight random strangers. I tell my son we have to come back later and he starts to lose it. The next ten minutes feels like an eternity as I plead and negotiate with him to let the hot tub idea go, only to have him reject pretty much every alternative (except hot chocolate, which I offer in a moment of weakness but ultimately decide is probably a bad idea for a kid who already has more cavities than years under his belt). Meanwhile the adults are smugly having grown-up hot tub time, ordering more drinks from the bar and extending their time on the timer, and I start to convince myself in my head that they all know each other, and are friends who have conspired to do this to me because they hate fathers or kids or something. If it wasn’t obvious, this is where things really start to go off the rails. Finally I get my son to accept that we are going back to our hotel room since this situation is basically ruining our day/afternoon, and walk over to relay and explain this to his mom, in the process of which he falls apart and goes into full-on tantrum mode. I just want to get out of there, but not before showing these [in my mind] total douchebags what jerks they had been to upset an [in my mind] harmless little boy. So I pick him up and stomp over there and yell at the first guy something like, “hey asshole, thanks a lot—look what you did. You and your seven friends took our whirlpool and now my son is having a screaming tantrum. Why don’t you try being more considerate next time.” I storm away and prepare to leave, but before I do his girlfriend/wife/whatever comes over and apologizes and tells me they didn’t even know those other guys. And then I overhear her reporting the situation to the hotel staff. We get out before they can catch up with me, but as I type this I’m basically hiding by my hotel room wondering how I’m going to get through this week watching my kids without going near the pool area, or how I might be able to change my appearance to not be recognized. Also, praying that the couple I basically verbally assaulted for no good reason isn’t part of my wife’s conference... and feeling genuinely shitty for potentially having ruined their day too. TL;DR version: today I fucked up by letting a normal parenting challenge drive me so crazy that I had a worse tantrum than my son’s, and getting exiled from my own free vacation in the process.  submitted by /u/isJcl4zxzaI3Nq44 [link] [comments] 