TIFU by pretending to be married with my mother and ruining christmas
As usual, this didn't actually happen today, but about 7 years ago, early december. You know those "member card" things almost every shop has that you need in order to get several discounts and sometimes can collect bonus points? So does our local shop where we usually buy our grocerys. My mother got such a card, and because I was tired about always asking her for her card, junior me had a brilliant idea: I wrote an email to the comany that runs the store. I told them that I am the husband of my mother and because we dont want to seperate the bonus-points we earn by using two different card, it'd be very nice if they could send me a second copy of my wifes card. Back then I for some reasons though that its necessary to tell them I'm her husband because i though they would never send a copy of the card to her child (stupid me, lol)... I never got a reply but I just though thats because they want people to use one card per person. Thats where the story ends for junior me. But where is the fuck up? Well the company that runs the store though that the email I wrote to them was kind of strange and called my mother. At this point I might need to tell you that my parents are divorced. They are not hating each other but I wouldn't call them good friends either. However, we still celebrate christmas at my fathers place as a family, a tradition that I really like. Now my mother got a call that "her husband" had contacted them and asked for a copy of her card. She declined the request and then called my dad and asked him what the fuck he was thinking and that he should stop that. Poor dad obviously had no idea what she was talking about and told her that he did nothing like that. Confused mum then called the company about details but because of data protection stuff they could only tell her that the email came from "Mr. Mylastname". Well now my dad is a pretty stubborn person. After my mum went back to him and - falsely - accused him of doing wierd shit they got mad at each other. It ended up to be the first year ever that we did not celebrate christmas together as a family, which junior me didnt understand at all at that point. But because my partens didnt want me to know about their problems none of them told me. (good guy parents) One or two months later junior me again got annoyed by always having to ask mum for her card. So I went to her and asked her if she could maybe request a copy that I could use. Thats when she suddenly realized that "Mr. Mylastname" who had requested a copy of the card was ME and not my dad. She got pretty mad at me and immidiatly called my dad, who found the whole story simply hilarious and is still joking with me about this story up until today. In the end I just decided to request my own card. My parents are no longer mad at each other and every following christmas up until today got celebrated as a family again. Still ended up destroying that years christmas, got my mother mad at both me and my dad AND am now getting joked by my dad every year since. TL;DR: Requested a copy of my mothers membershipcard by pretending to be her husband. Ended up getting my (divorced) parents so mad at each other that we did not celebrate christmas as a family that year.  submitted by /u/Wundawuzi [link] [comments] 