TIFU by trying to balance on a nail
As most stories go here, mine did not happen today. This actually happened 11 years ago when I was a kid. My dad always did a lot of work in the backyard, whether it was fixing the play set, building a gate, etc. I guess one time a nail was left outside when I decided to go walk around. So, I put on my favorite Spider-Man sandals and walked around to the side of the house, where I see a nail. It was just laying sideways, and for whatever reason I thought 'oh, I can try and balance on this!'. I don't know whether I thought that the nail wouldn't go through a rubber sandal or if the shoes' Spider-Man powers would stop it, but it went through. I placed one foot on top, jumped with my other so I could balance on it, and it went right up into the bottom of my foot. Ouch. I didn't cry though, I don't know how I hadn't. I just sat there dumb founded for a second. I limped to the garage side-door and went inside. I'm sitting in the garage and my older brother comes out. I didn't want him to know I had stepped on a nail so I tried to hide it. He noticed I was limping a bit and saw some blood so I just said "I stepped on a nail". That answered that question. I don't recall what happened next but I think my brother helped me go inside where my parents were notified. They got some cleaning supplies and removed the nail and cleaned it thoroughly. I don't think I ever went to the doctor. I'd had my tetanus shot previous to the incident, so, maybe that's why. They bandaged my foot and my brothers felt bad for me so they let me have a turn on the Nintendo Advance SP. I played Kirby and slowly forgot about the incident. I don't know why I did it, and I don't think I have a scar from it since it's been so many years and I was young then. So, moral of the story, don't balance on nails. Your Spider-Man sandals won't save you. TL;DR Tried to balance on a nail. SpiderMan sandal didn't stop it. Went up into my foot, tried to hide it from my brother. He eventually found out leading to my parents finding out. They cleaned it up and then I got to play on my brothers Nintendo Advanced SP due to sympathy.  submitted by /u/Target3dGaming [link] [comments] 