TIFU by hammering paperclips flat at work.
Today (in July 3 and a half months ago) I fucked up a little. I had been hired in June at a mechanical testing lab where they have a lot of large equipment. For a whole month, I didn't have a supervisor because he was on vacation (this is important to the story). What we would do is take some steel samples and break them to see how strong they are. So, this one machine was used for the smaller pieces, which usually wouldn't be held the right way in the machine if there was a rough edge on the part, so we hammered the edges flat so that they wouldn't slip during testing. For this, we had a nice little ball peen hammer that would work very nicely. Fast forward to Friday, mid-July. Working on the small machine. But funny thing is we're all apparently caught up. The parts stop rolling in and for like 2 hours there's nothing much to do. Everyone's at their machine, just trying to make their few last parts last however long it was going to be. I'm standing there at that machine with the ball peen hammer and a bowl of paperclips. What is the natural response, of course but to hammer a paperclip flat (I saw a video of a guy making a tiny sword once). I take the ball peen hammer to it on the bed of my small machine and it comes out really nice and flat. Very cool. Still waiting for more work. Playing with my flat paperclip, trying to straighten out the edges that were bent outward from the pressure. Hammer it a little with the ball peen hammer. Nothing interesting's happening. If only there was a way to make it even flatter.. Oh, I know, let's use the 5lb steel hammer! I take my paperclip over to the big machine. I pass the little box on the desk that has pliers. I see the pliers and I think, "I need to buy me some pliers one day." Get to the big machine. Put the paperclip down on the bed. Get the big hammer. I strike the paperclip, and it bounces up off the bed of the machine. This machine was big. Literally massive. The most massive hunk of steel I'd ever touched. So I guess it had a big bed for a reason - to keep it from falling over and shaking. Just imagine a block of solid steel twice the size of your desk. And the thing about an immovable object is that you can't move it, so if you hit it, it will hit back like some monstrous spring from hell. So I've got myself a little problem to solve. How do I keep this paperclip still while I smack it flat? I'll just hold it down. So I got my paperclip in my fingers. I hold the hammer high. I smack the paperclip with full force! Oh, it was kinda off and it wasn't totally flat on the bed when I hit it. Kinda bent it. Better just use one finger. I hold it down, I bring my hammer down, and smack! Wow, that worked really good! Smack! Yes, it's getting so flat! Smack! Woah, that was really close, I should be more careful. Thump! Oh, that's not good. That was my finger, wasn't it? Yeah. I check out my finger, and then I see that it's kinda wounded. Then it starts bleeding. Maybe I broke the skin? Nope. My finger was split open like a sausage casing. The tippy top flesh was just hanging off from nearly into the nail bed to the soft pad of the finger tip. It didn't really hurt at first, it was just like a really intense tingle. So I don't know what to do. I cup my right hand underneath it to catch the blood. It'd be a shame if I made a mess. And I rush over to my coworker. "Hey, we have an emergency." He turns around and looks up at me and he doesn't know what I'm talking about. I rush over to my other coworker. "Hey, I have an emergency." He turns around and looks up at me and he doesn't know what I mean and then he sees it and he's like, "oooooh ok I'm gonna go get the alcohol swabs." Lol. Then it started hurting really bad. So the GM comes over and offers to drive me personally to the hospital to save time. I was like, "but what about the taxi service for emergencies like this?" But he insisted. I gripped my finger as tight as I could with some paper towels trying my hardest not to bleed out on the seats in his nice car. We get out on the expressway and it's just a 5 mile long parking lot. So he's like, "we're not gonna get anywhere like this." So he takes us right off the freeway into the slum to try to get past the traffic. But I don't even care, because I'm beginning to faint and the colors seem to fade as we get far enough to start to pick up speed. (don't judge, it's perfectly natural response to faint upon injury. It's genetic). At some point he asks me if there's a certain radio station I usually like to listen to, and I just tell him it really doesn't matter to me. I'm just thinking of all the money I'm wasting at the moment, taking the GM away from his business with a whole half of a Friday just wasted for him. Probably why he was so silent the whole way. So we get to the hospital about 45 minutes later, and they rinsed it out with like 4 whole bottles of antiseptic and stitched me up. Hospital visit is pleasant and fun compared to standing around at work with nothing to do. In the end, I ended up fabricating a lie that I was hammering a workpiece flat so that it would grip better in the machine because I didn't want to be made fun of except for by my closer coworkers. Found the paperclip and kept it as a souvenir. Worked one-handed duty for a month and then quit to focus on school. I had to tell this story like 6 times and everyone I told told me that that was a stupid stupid thing that I did. But I still have my paperclip. I'll encase it in some acrylic and one day I'll show it to my kids and tell them how stupid you can be without thinking you can be stupid. If you guys are reading this, I really miss you. We had a lot of fun. Feel free to share with whole plant. my paperclip got pretty flat to be fair though NSFW: My finger NSFW: My finger in Full Resolution 16MP TL;DR: Got bored at work, hammered paperclip with 5lb hammer for fun, smashed my finger open.  submitted by /u/AMooMooCow [link] [comments] 