TIFU by carrying pepper spray in my pocket
Back when I was in high school, I worked at a dog grooming salon on the weekends. At the time, I was going through my "OH GOD PEOPLE ARE GOING TO KILL ME" phase wherein I carried at least two knives and some supplemental weapon at all times (except in school; be safe, kids!). Being the scrawny yet paradoxically flabby loser I was, I knew that I had no chance in hell of winning a physical fight on brute strength alone, unless said fight was with a pug. I needed something to disable my imaginary attacker from afar. I did not have a concealed weapons permit, so a gun was out of the question. Nor did I have the money to afford a taser. So, the answer was obvious: pepper spray! A certain knife company, known for bombastic marketing campaigns, sold a line of pepper spray products that were supposedly more grievous than any other spray on the market. So I ordered a compact can of their Ultra-Super-Painful-Expulsion-Of-Death-MkIII(tm). The little thing came with a cute key ring, because nothing says "stocking stuffer" like aerosolized misery. I felt much safer with this on my person, and carried it every day for several months. Then, one Saturday at the grooming salon, I was shaving a golden retriever when I felt a strange tingling sensation on my leg. "Strange", I thought, "Neither the dog nor I pissed on my pants." In hindsight, either one (or both) of those would have been preferable to what actually transpired. The tingling turned into a mild stinging, which gradually bloomed into a searing pain, as though a branding iron was nestled against my inner thigh. I soldiered on for about five minutes, but eventually gave in when the agony became too great. I excused myself to the restroom to try and see what the hell was going on. After pulling my pants down, I saw an orange-ish stain on my left pocket, where I kept my keys. "Well, fuck me," I said, when I noticed that not only had the pepper spray soaked into my pants, but it also soaked into my underwear. And that's when it hit me: a sensation that could only be described as, "lava on my junk". Thankfully, my boss let me go home to change my pants (I conveniently left out the bit about my junk, but I think my face gave it away). The five-minute ride home felt like an hour, as I screamed at traffic and beat my fist against the steering wheel. When I arrived home, I opened the door, yelled "I PEPPER-SPRAYED MY CROTCH!" and ran into the shower. Ten minutes later, all was right in the world. And I removed the pepper spray can from my key-chain. TL;DR: Bought pepper spray to defend myself against assault, kept it on my key ring for convenience, conveniently assaulted my crotch with it.  submitted by /u/Dirac_dydx [link] [comments] 