TIFU by drinking athletes foot powder
This just happened an hour ago and I'm still waiting to see just how bad I fucked up. So I've been having some stomach problems, and decided to take some laxative. I've never taken any before. My girlfriend brings me a cup with some laxative powder drink mix, and I set it down by my sink to do it later. Now, also by the sink, is another cup with some athletes foot powder in it. I emptied a container full of it into that cup to use the container, and never threw it away. This was like, months ago and the cup has been sitting there because I have no clue. No clue why I haven't thrown it away. Anyways, couple hours later, I go to grab the laxative, and of course while my brain is on auto pilot, I grab the wrong cup. I don't think I was really paying attention the whole time I mixed it with juice and stirred it up. I had been up all night, it was 5AM, and I was daydreaming about idek what. So I go sit down, drink some of it, and I'm like wtf this tastes gross and its chalky. Is it supposed to be like this? I go ask my girlfriend if she put too much in, then it hits me. I go to the bathroom, see the other cup, and i gave myself a look of distain and disappointment in the mirror. I have never done anything this stupid. So I spend a few minutes googling how toxic it is, end up calling poison control, gf is pissed cause now she's awake early and she has to go to work and she's worried and about as disappointed as I am and thinking she's dating a child that needs to be babysat. Poison control lady says there's nothing I can do besides stay in an upright position and try not to throw up, I probably didn't drink enough to go to hospital. Said to call back in an hour if I feel like it's worse than she says. And she mentioned how ironic it was that I tried to drink laxative and ended up doing something with the opposite effect that I wanted. She was amused at my self induced fuckery. Gf still hasn't talked to me Sitting in bed dizzy and clammy and throwing up in my mouth a little TL;DR I mistook athletes foot powder for laxative drink mix and have to live with my stupidity and hope I don't get some kind of poisoning Plus gf will never look at me the same  submitted by /u/Bubblemonkeyy [link] [comments] 