TIFU by not noticing a parking limit sign
So this happened yesterday evening. So I had to drive from my house to a major university here in Israel. Now since the trains are halted for a few days I knew traffic was gonna be a bitch. What I didn't know was just how much. So a 1 and a half hour drive turned in to over 3 hours through dead slow traffic. Get to the uni and oh boy was it a nightmare. Parking in Tel Aviv is annoying on any day, but with no trains, DAMN. Every single parcking lot is full, with streets in deadlocks because of people waiting to enter a FULL pariking lot. Logic being when one car leaves another can enter. So over 40 minutes stuck, 1 hour late for class that day I decide to fuck it. I'll stroll the streets until I find an open spot on the street. 10 minutes of driving around and a golden opportunity shows it'self. It's about a 10 mintue walk from where I need to go, it's marked in grey so parking is allowed and there is room for about 3 cars. So I park the car, and not knowing what grey marking means (because I literally have never seen such marking in any other city) I pull up my phone and use a electronic parking meter, just to be safe. No issue, the app notifies me parking is open only until 5pm for non city residents, which isn't an issue and I get on my way none the wiser. Fast forward to 4pm when I get back except, NO CAR. I ask people around, is this a tow area? The awnsers ranged from I don't know, to someone saying just nope, they don't tow. I figure WTF, it's nearly impossible to steal my car (computer safe and code protected). I notice a few cars have tickets on the windshield. No big deal. In Tel Aviv it's common to get a ticket if you don't pay or park for even just a few minutes to long. Now I should point out, I'm panicking, 10% phone battery, because hey I can charge in the car, AND the wallet is IN THE CAR. Battery hold up just enough to call the city and be informed my car has been towed to a lot about 3 km away. So I go get the car, pay roughly 150$ to release it (and have another ~80$ fine yet to pay). And it being really late and traffic being a bitch I don't stick around. So today I hit up street view to understand what the fuck I missed. And sure enough on the side opposite to where I was going there is a sign: No parking between 12:00PM and 18:00PM. WELL FUCK. 1 more reason to hate Tel Aviv I guess. TL;DR: Was pressed on time, parked in an parking area with rules I wasn't familiar with, nor did I notice the rules. Got a ticket and my car towed for a grand total of over 200$, 3Km exercise walking, and the pleasure of being stuck in late traffic.  submitted by /u/Shoshke [link] [comments] 