TIFU by cooking with my 90-year-old Nona
This happened a few days ago. I'm a 34-year-old male with a 90-year-old rambunctious Italian Nonna (on my wife's side), who flew in from out of town for a visit. I want to make sure I paint an accurate picture of this woman. Imagine your stereotypical Italian grandmother, 4 foot nothing, lots of screaming, lots of hugging and kissing, lots of cooking and lots of strong opinions about how things should get done and how they were done when she was growing up. So Nonna is in town, I say hey Nonna lets make some Minestrone Soup. What a better way to spend time with her and learn her secret recipe. She makes a killer Minestrone! Well, my wife and I just moved into a new house and as a housewarming gift, one of our friends gave us a salt and pepper grinder, with containers of sea-salt and pepper kernels. We spend 4 hours cooking a massive, 18 plus liter pot of Minestrone, tasting as we go. Nonna keeps throwing big handfuls of this rock salt in, I taste it and it's still not salty enough. I take another handful of salt and throw it in, at this point I realize we have thrown half this container of salt in, and I think this odd but have no idea how much salt a hot tub sized pot should take. I stir and stir and taste it again. Weird it's getting saltier but with a weird aftertaste. I grab another handful of salt and throw it in, and I'm like what's wrong with this salt, I grab a piece and stick it in my mouth. I spit it out immediately confused by the soapy flowery taste, thinking I must not have rinsed all the soap off of my hands. I wash out my mouth and ponder for a second. I then pick up the salt and read the label, Sels de Mer, mhh sea salt, okay, but then I keep reading and realize it also says Bath Sea Salt. Well, that's the end of cooking with Nonna, she's yelling at me asking me why would I keep that in the kitchen, and oh my god what if the baby ate the soup, and we are so lucky I figured it out, and thank God etc etc. So ended up dumping a giant pot of soup down the sink and having Fat Burger for dinner. I also realized that we have been griding that salt over our food for the last 3 weeks. TL;DR- Made Minestrone with my Nonna, used bath salts by accident and wasted 18L of soup. Suffered verbal abuse from my Nonna, who then thanked Jesus for keeping us safe. Edit: The pot Imgur The culprit Imgur Edit 2: Nona to Nonna. Waisted to wasted. Also yes, I realize I didn’t read the entire label, but when you get a salt and pepper grinder with salt and pepper you tend to make some assumptions. Not to mention the two bottles are near identical.  submitted by /u/Icebaker [link] [comments] 