TIFU by spinning a fan
Not today, but a few years ago in High school A friend and I were messing around with a plastic fan from a car in my electronics class. We wanted to find some way to repurpose it. First we tried it as a water wheel, not enough water to move it fast enough. Then we tried spinning it by hand. Pretty decent output. We figured maybe some kind of wind powered device might be cool. Now obviously we can't spin it by hand as much as wind could. So we get the hose to the big air compressor and start blowing a bunch of air through it. This gets it going really fast. Now it's really producing some power. We decided to take a break and go get some snacks or something. Before we leave my friend decides to see how hard he can spin it. He does pretty good, volt meter is reading some nice numbers, but I decided I could do better. I grab it and spin the shit out of it. It it nearly slices my fingers off. Right down to the bone on 2 fingers, and a nice chunk out of a third. One of them had a big right angle slice in it really deep. I rush to the nearest bathroom (womens, they were not happy to have a man run in) and wash all the blood off to see the damage. It's bad. We rush to the front office, they start to panic. At some point I pass out and have a blanket wrapped around me. I get driven down the street to the hospital, and they sitch me up. They don't quite understand how it happened, but that's fine. They give me some strong pain meds too. I decided that I should be fine to go back to school for the day, and that i should be able to handle my big physics test. Well I get back to school and find out that the guidance counsellor saw what happened and had been telling everyone I'd cut all my fingers off. I have no idea why. I get to my class and the teacher says I should probably go home. I don't look good, and he heard what happened. I said I was fine, I wanted to take the test. He said I could do it another day, but I insisted. I sit down for my test and it starts off ok. But then I guess the pain meds start to kick in, or just the stress of it all gets to me, because it starts making less and less sense and I'm just really tired suddenly. I try to get a drink from my water bottle but can't get my hand around it. I just can't open my hand enough and end up pushing the water bottle on the floor. For some reason I just can't handle it anymore and start teering up and say I need to go home. Took a while to heal, and they are not as sensitive as they used to be. Still have a permanent line where it happened, and things like bag handles or guitar strings can catch under it and it hurts a bit. TL;DR Spun a fan, got cut  submitted by /u/ProtoJazz [link] [comments] 