Tifu by wrecking my house
So this happened about 5 years ago, sorry to all the tifu purists out there... I was at a buddies house all night partying, playing drinking games. We ran out of beer at one point in the night and since rum was the only other alcohol on hand, we switched to using that. Its safe to say that by the time I was being driven home I was thoroughly hammered. I was so drunk I couldnt actually get in my house when I was dropped off. One of my friends had to unlock the door for me to get in. I, for some reason, proceeded to go in to my sister's room to try to sleep on the floor. I woke her up (so she tells me) to demand that she go downstairs at once to get me some water. She declined and told me to leave. I reluctantly agreed, and apparently said "maybe I'll take a shower", (so she tells me). I remember getting in the shower. Now for some context, I was on the 2nd floor, and the shower in question was one of the stand up ones with no door, just a curtain and about a 4 inch lip that prevented the water from spilling out in to the bathroom. Once in the shower, I distinctly remember leaning on the wall and slowly sliding down it toward the floor. I remember telling myself to stop, but was so drunk and exhausted that I just kinda let it happen. Next thing I know, I wake up to all sorts of banging and yelling. I realize its my parents and sister all banging on the door(locked) and yelling my name. My mind was racing. I knew I had fallen asleep, but thought I had done so for only a few minutes. I was wrong, so very wrong. I stepped out of the shower in to shin deep water. All of my clothes, as well as anything else on the floor that wasn't secured were floating around the bathroom. Panic set in immediately when I realized there was no quick fix to this and that I had to open the door and face the music. Opening that door was, I think, the moment I became a man. It took all the courage and strength I had to open that door and face my father. I opened the door, the water rushed out in to the hall, and my dad rushed in to the bathroom, hands outstretched reaching for my throat. My mom, bless her, stopped him from killing me. In his rage he screamed "go downstairs!!!". Once I got downstairs I realized the extent of the damage I had done. The drop ceiling in the kitchen had completely collapsed, and the whole first floor was flooded. Shocked, I went in to the basement to gather up every towel I could find to try to clean as best I could. However, the basement was flooded as well and most of the towels I found were far from dry. After checking the time and talking with my sister to see approximately at what time I left her room, we figured out that I was in the shower, asleep, for about 3 hours. Apparently, once I slid down the wall in the shower, I landed sitting right on top of the drain. So, three hours of shower water wound up everywhere in my house but in the shower drain. As big of a fuck up as this was though, it was made even bigger due to the fact that my parents had literally days before just finished selling the house, and we were due out in less than two weeks. The next day my dad took me to the bank where I emptied my savings account and handed it over to him. Luckily, pretty much everything damaged was repaired in time for us to move out, so in a way this has a happy ending. I haven't touched rum since. Edit: Hey so I wanted to clear up one thing I keep seeing in the comments. People keep asking why my dad didn't take the door down "what parent would let that go on for 3 hours" etc. Its my fault for not elaborating on this but this all happened after midnight so my whole family was asleep. My dad woke up after I had already been in the shower almost 3 hours, and I woke up and opened the door only a couple minutes after he started banging on it. Hope that clarifies a bit. TL;DR - Drank too much, fell asleep in shower, flooded entire house right after my parents sold it  submitted by /u/wordis_bond [link] [comments] 