Nobody's gotten a chance to answer a question I put on SO the other day, wondering if someone here might be able to help me
I am brand new to Node and NPM, and have been playing around with installing packages to practice configuring them to work with my apps. Most recently, I stumbled on particlesjs. I would really really like to make a cool portfolio page that uses this particle effect, but I'm having a hard time loading the code into my app. As I said, I'm brand new to NPM and Node, and I've only really been playing with Express as a web framework. The way that I'm used to loading in NPM packages is to "require" the package in my entry point javascript file. Usually, I would do so by typing:  var variableName = require('particlesjs');  at the top of my entry point file. That didn't work, and my error was telling me that "require" is not a function. I heard somewhere that some NPM packages may not be configured for CommonJS...? I'm not sure if this has anything to do with the problem I'm having, but maybe this particlesjs package doesn't have the correct module exports to be pulled into an app with require? So Instead, I noticed that in the docs for the package, it says to insert a script tag on the index.html file    So, I went into my index.html and inserted    Finally, I was able to load particlesjs and see the particles floating on my screen. However, I recently noticed this block of text on the requirejs.org Node page Best practice: Use npm to install Node-only packages/modules into the projects node_modules directory, but do not configure RequireJS to look inside the node_modules directory. Also avoid using relative module IDs to reference modules that are Node-only modules. So, do not do something like require("./node_modules/foo/foo").  So isn't that basically exactly what I'm doing? I just feel like hard coding a path into the node_modules folder is not best practice. It feels like I'm doing something wrong and I just feel like there's a much simpler answer. Maybe the answer is to keep practicing Node, lol. I've never really used a package that doesn't work with var x = require('package') and so I'm wondering if there's a better way to do this. Here's a link to my project on GitHub (I'm not even sure if you're supposed to upload Node apps without .gitignore-ing the node-modules folder, lol) Github Thanks so much in advance for any help I get!! I've been stuck for a few days and I'd love to find an answer!!  submitted by /u/offthemargin [link] [comments] 