/u/grumbledork on What's the worst thing someone did to screw you for personal gain?
Senior year of high school, like a WEEK from graduation. A girl from my friend group and I decided to partner up for our final Econ project, the pair of while most groups were 3-4. Assured the teacher we'd be cool. A history on the girl who we will call K: We've gone to school together since kindergarten. All the way up until 7th grade, she would go out of her way to bull me and make my life miserable (cunt threw a book at me once, didn't even get in trouble). When 7tht grade hit and we moved to middle school, everyone realized that she was a bitch, so she essentially lost all of her friends. I, on the other hand, had a budding group of the "artsy outcast kids" going on, and being the sweet person I am, forgave her half dozen years of torment and let her start chilling with us. All through middle and high school, she continues to go through periods of being chill to telling people secrets her friends had told her (like who's sleeping with who, who's having parent problems, etc) because she was so needy and wanted the attention of popular classmates and boys. Doesn't really fuck w me because I don't have a whole lot going on, but I'm still annoyed with her. Not annoyed with her enough to want to pair up with some of the other hair-tearingly annoying people in the econ class though. Well, I basically do all the major research, make the logo for our fake "product" that was the whole point of the project, and do a mini animation for our product commercial. All she had to do was transpose my research, print, and edit together our commercial, since I didn't have a printer or editing software. Day we're going to show our commercials, she bitches to our teacher (next to a mutual friend in the other class) that "her partner didn't do anything and she had to do EVERTHING herself", essentially throwing me straight under the bus. Friend asks me later who K's partner is, I get the story, and I go straight to my history teacher and bawl in his face telling him, with proof, that she was lying. Not wanting to deal with an overly-emotional teenager and knowing through our grade's gossip that K can be full of shit, he assures me I'm not getting points taken off and yadda yadda. End up leaving early that day, snapchat her to "not talk shit to [teach] because you know you're lying", and we never talked again. We're also the only two from our graduating class @ my uni, so I still see her around. Still as slutty and drama-filled as ever.   