/u/Adolf_Hitler___ on The Coming Software Apocalypse
I think programmers interested in that question should study biology and genetics, the basic biochemical processes of life and cells (anything above cell level is optional - the important stuff is all in the cell). "Introduction to Biology" (genetics) from MIT or "Principles of Biochemistry" from Harvard on edx.org are very good and free courses that I would recommend to CS people (like myself). This shows how nature deals with complexity, and I don't think "formal methods" will be the answer. They will themselves become so complex that you need formal methods for the formal methods... we now have mathematical "proofs" done by computer that few humans if any can understand, and those proofs are for very small problems (compared to the greater world). We already build systems far larger than ourselves. I recommend reading this article: What Coke Contains -- pls. ignore the specific product that was chosen, it could have been anything. The point is, even that very simple product's making is far too complex for any single person to understand all parts of it. The number of individuals who know how to make a can of Coke is zero. The number of individual nations that could produce a can of Coke is zero. This famously American product is not American at all. Invention and creation is something we are all in together. Modern tool chains are so long and complex that they bind us into one people and one planet. They are not only chains of tools, they are also chains of minds: local and foreign, ancient and modern, living and dead — the result of disparate invention and intelligence distributed over time and space.  Instead, already most of the things we produce are not the result of individual actions but a system outcome of many independent actors (humans). One might look at similarities of brain/humanity vs. brain cells (not just the neurons)/individual human: The system outcome is on a higher level than what the individual handles (and can handle). I like formal methods and math, but especially after diving into biology (and medical topics) I am more than just skeptical that they will provide what some people hope to get from them - not even close. For that same reason I'm not afraid at all of "sci-fi level superintelligent AI" threatening humans. Whatever comes will have the same complexity issues that we do, and already mankind does not solve them by trying to make individuals understand them. The solution is not in the individuals but in their connections, on a higher level. Brain analogy: A "super neuron" that is a thousand times better (by whatever measure you like) than a single one still is just a neuron. No to mention that humans will change - for example, incorporate computers, (deliberately) change their genetics, become something else, instead of standing still and waiting while seeing AI and robots get better and better.   