Is this career worth taking a loan out for school?
I am currently in my 4th semester of school, first as a computer engineer major. My previous 3 where all business major stuff so essentially I’m starting from scratch because I had no advisor help and wasted a lot of my time (I wouldn’t say completely wasted because I still learned a lot of valuable things). Basically right now I’m working 30 hours a week and taking 15 credits. As of right now I have 0 free time, that on its own sucks. The worst thing is I still am not getting all my work done. I am someone who takes a lot of time to study it but once I get it it’s there for good. This on its own is bad being there is a lot of material I am missing and falling behind on. Not only am I not learning everything I should but I am starting to get serious health issues. I am only 20 (almost 21) and I already have a bulging disk in my back causing it to pinch my sciatic nerve and cause extreme pain. The main reason for this is because I am constantly sitting. I am sitting at work, in class, and at home while studying. One of the best ways to fix my back without doing surgery is lots of exercising which I really don’t have the time to do. I never wanted to take our student loans but I am starting to think that’s the best route. I am extremely good with money and know how to use it responsibly. My biggest fear is not being able to afford my bills and go late even just one month. So it scares the hell out of me to go take out a bunch of money in loans and not be able to find a job 6 months after graduating and not be able to pay my loans back. Schooling costs alone aren’t that bad but it’s the living expenses that add up. I would estimate it would cost me between $50,000-$70,000 to get my 4 year degree. My biggest fear is taking that $70k in loans (which I doubt it will be that’s just the high side to be safe) would be around $777 a month in payments and if I don’t get a CS or CE related job I don’t think I would be able to afford this. I know this isn’t a personal finance reddit or anything but I figured I would come here since CS and CE majors tend to earn more than most other 4year degrees. Has anyone went this route and had it pay off? I don’t want to take less of a coarse load because the extra money I could make in the 2 or 3 extra years it takes me to graduate far our weighs any interest I would be accruing. For example I make around $25,000 a year and according to my engineering book CE students make around $70,000 a year out of college that’s a extra $45k a year. That’s $90k I lost out on if it takes 2 extra years and $135k if it’s a extra 3. There is no way interest will be that much not to mention I will pay the loan off before the 10 years. Sorry this has kind of turned into a rant I’ve just been extremely stressed about this lately. Thanks for reading!  submitted by /u/Brutal_Boost [link] [comments] 