Are there any hosting scripts that allow me to do this?
Hello, Note: No need to read the whole thing...I just have a question and you can stop reading where it says "---end question----". I just added extra for those interested in what I'm up to. I'm looking for a content hosting script that can do the following work both online and offline (so self-contained) can limit the number of total allowed users to one million can limit the total amount of content space per user to one megabyte (or a total of one terabyte per million users)  allow all content and user interface to be downloaded from the live site to a two terabyte hard drive where it can be periodically updated from the live site with any new content.  have a login to protect users content (both public and private) from other users  allow any remaining space on the 2 terabyte hard drive to be filled with the latest news and videos  and lastly, allow me to transmit the content of the offline 2 terabyte hard drive to the surrounding neighborhood with an open wifi router and long range antenna.   Basically, I'm proposing a hybrid piratebox on steroids that I call 1megabyte after the 1 megabyte per user limit. ----end question---- Essentially, instead of loading an individual piratebox with our own individual content and seeking out crowded places to make it work, we copy a live data limited social media site specially created for the purpose of providing one terabyte of content from one million different users to hard drives in millions of Internet ready homes, which then make the hard drive content available to anyone in their neighborhood through an open wifi router connected to the offline hard drive and transmitted with a long range wifi antenna. As the content spreads, the next user in the chain transmits the content further with their own open wifi signal. In this way, instead of content remaining local and detached in pockets from other towns and people, it gets replicated and spread globally, both as a meshnet and wherever there is regular internet. To put it in terms of a meshnet: Imagine taking a meshnet in New York of 20,000 users and a meshnet in Boston of 20,000 users. You replicate both meshnet's content online, combine them so you have 40,000 users and transfer 40,000 users worth of content to an open wifi enabled hard drive. The only difference is you do it in reverse and start with a million online users. People with Internet in any area who participate can transmit the millions of user data to those in their area without Internet, updating daily. In other words, it would be an Internet within the internet that can be transmitted through and open wifi signal or is portable enough to be quickly dropped off by car to whoever is too out of reach to grab a signal. And then they in turn can transmit the content to anyone around them. And as new users join, more hard drives can be added...two hard drives, two million users, three hard drives, three million users, etc... Each user would only have login permission on the numbered hard drive that they were assigned when the joined the network. But, if they also already have regular internet, they could login online or...if someone within wifi range has the same hard drive number they were assigned or...they could work out a daily hard drive delivery schedule with someone nearby who has Internet and wants to participate in the network. It's not a full internet but it's more daily updated digital content via millions of different users than one person could ever go through in a single day. It's not going to compete with the real time Internet of the isp's...but it would at least be something decentralized and either free (after equipment purchase) or very cheap. If we only charged every user $2 it would pay for the hosting of the live site.  submitted by /u/queittime [link] [comments] 