How does regular company work compare to R&D of companies and academia?
Hi, I'm an undergrad stuck in a crossroad of sorts and I'd like some honest advice. These are my feelings about research: Pros Cons   It's one of the few things I'm motivated about. I'm definitely planning to get a MEng, and I like how the type of work we do is always new or different and requires some foundational thinking, abstraction, and analysis. My PI and I get along really well, but I don't really like how his lab or most labs in general are very slow. It typically takes about 3 weeks+ to confirm one small thing, and the status of most work is unknown--usually I get a "let's not do this" type of feedback until I've already completed it and polished it, then its "ok maybe we can try to publish." There is really no structure at all, which is bad for me because I don't understand how the publishing world works or the academic world tbh. Other things: always feel inadequate, idea of publications = self-worth, lack of experience means it takes like 5 hours to read through any really dense alg paper...and I still probably won't understand it right    These are my feelings about company work: Pros Cons   9-5. money. don't understand how the company ladder works. doesn't fit my temperament as well. sometimes prioritize meh implementations over good ones because of time crunch. less freedom. cultish prestige jerk that excludes a lot of cs fields.    Are my gut feelings about company R&D + academia v company work right? I'm a junior so I don't know much about how real-life R&D works. I don't even understand how real-life work works. I don't really know what I want to do with my life anymore...I really just want to make random crap in my room and not give a sh*t about anything else but at the same time I want other people to give a sh*t about the random crap I make, do you see my problem? Anyways, that kind of ended on a tangent but any advice is appreciated.  submitted by /u/testing-bpbo [link] [comments] 