Prepping for 30 min phone calls and in-person?
I've never had a CS internship or anything because I spent my summers doing programming for research stuff related to what I like. So that means I have NO interview experience at all; I'm in my senior year and applying to jobs, and I never prepped for these interviews over summer because I had some other post-college plans. Anyway, I had my first 30min phone interview w a start up a few days ago and I totally thought I bombed it. Struggled the "tell me about yourself", and when he asked me more technical stuff like "what is a class" and "what is inheritance" etc, I really struggled answering them. Not necessarily bc I didn't know what they were, but I forgot how hard putting thoughts into English is. I gave him a very weak and unconfident answer, but it was still technically correct I guess. I read through this sub a lot, so when he gave me a "design etc etc" I think I did a decent job explaining my thought process. Honestly, outside of the fact that I was having a full on panic attack after my horrible answers, it was also kinda fun. Well I somehow got an in-person interview that won't be until the end of next week, but I need to prep. I was really going to use this company as a learning tool to interviewing bc they're not exactly #1 on my list for places to work, but at the same time after reading more about them I like their product a lot and the small start up environment seems really better aligned to what I like. Also I don't want to spend the 2 hrs embarrassing myself in front of the entire dev team... I've been reading through this sub more, and I know there are a ton of resources for DS and algorithms, so I don't think I need those linked, but in terms of when I'm physically there I'm nervous about how to act/talk/just be I guess. I'm normally extremely laid back but at the same time can be anxious, very humble (I don't know shit apparently after that phone interview lol), pretty introverted, and I think behaviorally I'm on the safe side. What other more specific questions should I ask them there? Should I bring a few copies of my resume? Is this going to be like a bunch of short technical interviews with the team? Ahhhh I have another phone interview with a much larger company tomorrow that I actually do want to work for. I dug up my old Java and C++ books to review those basic class/inheritance/object/variables/etc REALLY basic stuff just to know how to explain them. The thing is most other interview resources are focused on algorithms, and I'm trying to get through the phone interview first and i don't think they really ask for algorithms and stuff. There's only so much you can focus on in a half hour so: what are the main, key software stuff I should look to absolutely know? Also, how in the world do you answer the "tell me about yourself"...I'm so used to really laid back lab position research interviews that this industry stuff is like next level wtf. And to top it off tomorrow's interview is like a webcam/phone convo? ugh I know this sub is full of resources, I've saved a few and there are a lot I've seen that I never saved (like a huge github repo of EVERYTHING you need to know?)  submitted by /u/AC4316 [link] [comments] 