Looked for a Year, Finally Found Work
The Beginning Once, over a decade ago, I was a hell of a sysadmin. I moved from a career in desktop support at a major bank into Biztalk administration at a small company, eventually branching out to general Windows system administration after a year. There was much to be learned, and I accepted the challenges head on and met them with vigor, ultimately doing very well at this company. Eventually the opportunity arose that allowed me to move into management, and with one child here with another on the way I decided the management money was irresistable, and moved in that direction. As a result, all of the sysadmin skills that I did not use on a daily basis to keep my personal computers running smoothly eventually atrophied, and since I am generally a Linux person, that meant almost all of them. In October of last year, I was let go with a large severance, some savings, and a kick in the ass out the door. The company was entangled in legal issues and was cutting staff, and those that made decent amounts of money but were part of a cost-center were the first to go; that was me. What follows is the story of how a middle-aged ex-manager, with little relevant hands-on modern IT experience, eventually scored a job as senior admin with a local MSP. How Not to Find Employment The search for a job comparable to my previous employment has been difficult and excruciating both financially and emotionally. For all the talk about companies needing people good at "soft skills," it seems as though mid-level managers with those skills are a dime-a-dozen, thus my search was fruitless. I did find employment, but for a fifth of my previous salary, and did my best to fill in gaps with field contract work. Still, my mortgage dropped to two months behind, right along with my car payment. Weekly phone calls to the bank and mortgage lender were on the agenda; I was plugging holes in the Titanic. Most people don't like spam, but one of an HR department's primary jobs is sorting through spam from all manner of job-seekers. My initial strategy for a job search consisted of shotgunning resumes to companies with job postings on Indeed, Monster, and other job boards, as well as using recruiters to help sell me to businesses. I found that a single company's career site would allow me to make a profile and use that profile to apply to any and all jobs, so I often applied to everything I am capable of doing. Few companies responded, and those that did were the decent companies responding with rejection emails. Once, I even managed to elict feedback on a rejection for a junior developer application: I did not have at least five years of professional dev experience. After months of rejection, I was fighting off major depression. Something had to change soon. A New Strategy After so many months of being rejected, and reading similar experiences on Reddit and elsewhere, it became clear that, unless I gripped some hands and looked into some eyes, people would forget me as soon as my resume hit the can, and I would never get in front of anyone. The time had come to use those people skills that took forever to build (I am naturally an introvert) to leave enough of an impression that someone might think of me when something opened up. My new strategy consisted of going to meetups of any and every kind. It did not matter that I have no knowledge of Mulesoft products or Salesforce development, those meetups were on the agenda. One of the recruiters I was working with also sponsored a networking event on a monthly basis; drink beer, talk to anyone from CEOs to fresh college graduates, and get noticed. These, along with meetups, were a high priority. After several of these types of events, I felt comfortable enough that I could break in on any conversation and hold my own. I did not carry business cards as I felt the experience of exchanging phone numbers or email addresses is far more active than simply handing someone a card and waiting. After leaving each of these events, I would take an hour or so to send a brief message thanking the person for their time and pleasant conversation, and thank the event sponsors as well. All Job Hunting is Selling "All I need is an interview, and I can do the rest." This is what I tell recruiters during the inescapable first meeting at their offices. With confidence in my social skills and a new emphasis on meeting as many people as possible, I started getting interviews, wherin the second phase of my strategy kicked in. This is arguably the most difficult part, since it involves understanding how to read a room, knowing what a person likes and does not, and using that. I have never been very good at this. In one interview, the hiring manager wore a Kermit the Frog t-shirt and jeans, so it was a reasonably safe gamble that this person would appreciate either or all of Dr. Who, Star Wars, or Star Trek. The final question from him at the end of the interview was: "If you had a choice, would it be Harry Potter's wand, a light saber, sonic screwdriver, or Gandalf's staff?" As a Trek fan, I quickly noticed that phasers were criminally underrepresented, and my response was indeed neither, that I would always choose the phaser. We all laughed, and the air in the room was relaxed enough that we chatted another thirty minutes about subjects unrelated to employment. My next (and last) interview was a bit more gruelling. As I have mentioned, management work was not conducive to maintaining rarely-used technical skills, yet here I was trying to convince someone that I would be a good fit in the company that needed these skills. The recruiters I worked with gave me assessments and allowed references to be used, which put me ahead in a small pool of candidates for certain jobs, yet I felt uneasy about using these results. I compensated for this by highlighting a strong desire and ability to learn quickly, coupled with a strong motivation to succeed, as well as leadership goals. These are qualities developed over time through management of people and projects, and they were the only weapons I had against tepid and irrelevant skills. This particular company assigned personality and reasoning assessments, on each of which I did well enough. Again, I knew enough about the interviewer (and CEO) to mention how Star Trek: TNG can present a person with many nice examples of management wisdom, and again that started another long conversation post-interview. Luck This interview was my last. I was convinced that it was a waste, that I had completely tanked. As I sat on my front porch talking to my wife about what I would do next, my recruiter called me and put it to me this way: "You sold the shit out of yourself today. He loves you." I was truly shocked. Throughout the process I relied on confidence, positive attitude, willingness to adapt, and persistence. What is undeniable is that I also got lucky; this company was hit hard from a staffing perspective due to the recent hurricane in Florida, and as a result the CEO was willing to take a risk on someone like me. That I project an image of unshakable confidence went a long, long way. But there is service after the sale. I made a series of promises to the CEO that I must keep, chief among them is that I will work diligently to upgrade my skills as fast as possible, and that I will become productive quickly. There is no doubt about this. Another promise is that his goals become my goals, and I align myself to the success of the company. At a larger corporation I might only pay lip-service to this, since I would be nothing but a replacable cog, but not here. This company is small enough that I feel comfortable setting and achieving that goal. TL;DR Essentially, despite my atrophied IT acumen, I got a job as a senior admin at an IT MSP through confidence, people skills, and balls.  submitted by /u/Primatebuddy [link] [comments] 