How to handle guy at work who is insistent that the older ways of developing are better than newer version?
So basically I started a job at the same time as two other guys. I’m 23 and they’re in their mid forties. The company is using classic ASP and they want to have it all converted into a .NET environment. At first look of the application I decided that it would best if we implemented the following features: Entity framework / DB First MVC instead of WebForms Source control (TFS) Manager/Repository pattern Unit testing Those are the major things which we’ve had presentations on and ultimately the business has decided to go with them. The issue comes with one of the guys who constantly states how his old ways of developing applications are better than what we’re not implementing. He’s the only person on the team who’s having issues. Just yesterday he was saying how he ‘preferred WinMerge’ as he doesn’t like Microsoft making code changes for you during the source control merge. And this how he reacts with with DB first of entity framework too. Not only that, during a code review yesterday I suggested he moved code into the manager as he’s written the same thing 3 times and it could be unit tested. He replied ‘why would it need to be unit tested and nobody would change the functionality’. He just completely misses the point most of the time. I don’t know how I can get through to him, he’d be much happier writing code legacy ADO.NET SQL queries in the code behind instead of using entity framework and putting them in repositories to be reused. It becomes an issue because he gets frustrated and begins to get rude with me about it. I’m positive he doesn’t like it that I’m the junior dev bringing in these changes too. However, none of these guys have kept up to date with current technologies and so it’s on me to bring these features into light. Whenever we discuss new features he always responds with nothing but negative things to say. And sometimes he doesn’t even make sense. For example with the discussion to move to MVC from web forms one of his arguments against it was because ‘MVC was new and therefore must have more bugs’. Like what? It’s been around almost 10 years Everyone else is happy, just this one guy. Has anyone experienced something similar? If so how did you solve it?  submitted by /u/MyDongIsSoBig [link] [comments] 