How to Handle Unreasonable Workloads and Deadlines?
I think I should give context to my situation and work environment before asking how I go about handling it. I am a front-end developer on a team that manages several different applications. I do enhancements, updates, bug fixes, etc to these applications as needed. All these applications are owned by one large client. I am one of two front-end developers that works on these applications. Each application has its own project manager who will request work to be done from the appropriate developers. We will be given a deadline to get it done (rarely do we get to do the estimates on work for some reason) and often this deadline includes initial development and bug testing etc. Basically the deadline before these changes go to production. I get the impression that these deadlines are set by the client and the project managers have little say on when things can be done. There is a big issue with our team getting deadlines that are much too tight were we are basically bug testing often less than a week before something needs to be going to production. Often we are bug testing and making fixes hours before the changes are going to be pushed to production. This team has seem to operate this way for years. Things have been steadily getting worse in the fact that several applications need changes, bug fixes, etc all at the same time and all with very short deadlines often where a bug needs to be fixed, tested and deployed in less than a work week. I have had some days lately where bugs were discovered the day changes needed to go to production and we were expected to have them fixed and working by that afternoon. This work is on top of my mountain of regular updates on two other applications that I am expected to do. I can't get it all done. Something has to give deadline-wise. My boss who oversees the whole team tries to help me priorities the tasks, but they don't do anything about all this "last-second we need to get this fixed right now" situations that we always have. I am not sure what I can do about this situation since it isn't a temporary thing. It has been this way with the client for years. The client is so large that I think the team doesn't dare tell them that their deadlines are unreasonable. How would you guys approach this work environment? I have tried talking to my boss about the fact that I can't get all of this work done at the same time only to be met with the response of "what can we do to make sure it does get done?". TL;DR: my team has a workflow of not giving enough time to get the work done, then fixing everything the day or two before the changes are going to be pushed into production. I am being asked to do more work than I can possibly get done by the deadlines that are all around the same time. This type of workflow has been the norm with this team for years. How do I go about improving my situation?  submitted by /u/phorden [link] [comments] 