I am on unemployment. I turned down work because I had already accepted another offer. Unemployment wants to call the company to check some things. How would the company react to this?
I accepted an offer about a month ago at a big company; we'll call it Co A. About a week later, I received another offer from another company that I interviewed with; we'll call it Co B. The salary was better than Co A, but it is a lot smaller and location was inconvenient. My start date for Co A has been pushed back twice due to different logistic reasons. When I filled out my unemployment insurance forms, there's are questions that I must answer every week, including, "Did you look for work?" and "Did you turn down any eligible work?". For that week, I answered 'Yes" to both of those questions. A few weeks later, unemployment calls me on the phone asking for why I turned down work. I tell them about how I had already accepted another offer. They asked things like, "Was Co A's salary substantially higher?", "What was the reason for the delay in starting?" They also wanted me to provide them with a phone number from Co A so that they can call them to confirm the reasons for my start date delay. They may also call Co B because I provided them with the names of both Co A and Co B. Originally when I interviewed with Co A's engineering team, I told one of my interviewers that I had left my previous company when in reality, I was actually fired/laid off. If Co A finds out that I was actually fired instead of me leaving, would this affect my employment with them? Could this result in a retracted offer? It sounds unlikely as I would provide them with Hiring Logistics' contact information, which is different from the engineering department, but I'd like to be safe just in case. If Co B finds out that I had been interviewing with them even though I had already accepted an offer, would that burn bridges with them even further? Is there a way that I can still collect my previous weeks of unemployment and still play it safe such that my future employment with Co A is unaffected? Should I wait until I start at Co A (next week) before I provide contact information for unemployment?  submitted by /u/FiredGuy7 [link] [comments] 