I can't seem to pass a class into a method that has the base class as the argument
Ok, I might have a hard time explaining this. Basically I have a bunch of classes that are different but with some similarities, to code for the similarities I used inheritance. Some of my methods use Interfaces as arguments since I'm only dealing with the common properties of each class. Below is a table that hopefully explains my structure. Base Class Base Class Class   Base A Base B Class 1   Base B Class 2  Base A Base C Class 3   Base C Class 4    So Base A is the root class, it has a few properties that are common to all my classes. Base B and C are the next level, B has all the common properties for classes 1 and 2 while C has all the properties for classes 3 and 4. So I'm writing an MVC app and the ViewModel is going to be a class with a couple of properties and a List of Class 1. Something like this:  public class ViewModel { public int Id { get; set; } public List Details { get; set; } }   I will have similar view models for class 2, 3 and 4. Now I want to have some totals for all the viewmodels, they will be totalling the same properties which are in Base A. My first instinct was to have each ViewModel inherit from a common view model and put the functions in there that would accept a parameter of List. When I passed in Details which is of type List my code didn't like it. I thought that since Class1 inherits from BaseA (eventually) then it should work. Next I decided to create an interface for Base A that would only have the properties I needed for the totalling. Base A implemented IBaseA which had two properties. I changed my function to accept List as the paramter but that didn't work either.    Just for fun I tried having the List as the parameter but that didn't work. I have an interface for Base B so I tried changing the parameter to List but that didn't work either.   Now I'm thinking of creating a helper class and just going that route rather than have the functions in a base class and calling them from the inherited class. Very sorry if this is explained poorly.  submitted by /u/PeaTearGriphon [link] [comments] 