[EVERYTHING] Who I think is Azor Ahai
Now there are a lot of theories on who Azor Ahai is from Jon to Dany to Jon and Dany's kid to Jorah to Davos to Rhaegar (with Jon being Lightbringer) and I even heard a theory that Jon and Dany are Azor Ahai and There child is Lightbringer. While those are good theories I have may own theory and that is Jaime is Azor Ahai now I know you have all heard this already yes but this is different. My theory is that Jaime is Azor Ahai but AA and PTWP are two different people with Jon and Dany's child being the Prince that was Promised. Now I believe that The Prince that was Promised was misinterpreted and that The Prince that was Promised will not save the world from the white walkers but will save it from destroying itself and he will create change in the world. Perhaps destroy the throne and install Democracy bringing a Dream of Spring. Azor Ahai will be the Samwise to his Frodo in the sense he will be the one to have to destroy the White walkers. Now what evidence to I have for Jaime being Azor Ahai. First if the theory of him being a Targaryen is true then he has the blood.  He was most likely under the Red Comet so that would be the red star bleeding (could also refer to the Sept being destroyed)  Born admits Salt and Smoke can refer to multiple things. It could refer to the Bath tub scene where there was smoke from the steam and the salt being the salty water of the tub or Jaime's salty tears, Could refer to when he returned to KL after the sept was destroyed where there was smoke and maybe salty tears or the salt from black water bay, or maybe in the field of fire, whatever you think any of those could be it.  Lightbringer would be his sword  Cersei his Nissa Nissa  If he finds out who he is he would be awakening the dragon within him.   Now yes this does sound crazy but I do think it would be a cool twist if Jaime was Azor Ahai (and also if the PTWP and AA were not the same person and Jon and Dany's child was the PTWP)  submitted by /u/darrylthedudeWayne [link] [comments] 