/u/Etherius on Shots Fired by Ubisoft
So the ability of people to enhance that form of economic organisation is an "invalid" point? What the fuck. What kind of dumbfuck argument is that? The proletariat do not have enough money or influence over the economy to form a socialist economy.  They most certainly do. Most of us just have the common sense to not vote for it. Wow. Your solution to poverty is to accept it. Fantastic. What an inspiration you are. You realise we have the resources to give everyone the bare necessities for a first-world life? The reason we don't, is because there are many greedy fucks in the world.  That may be, but the reason those resources exist in the first place is because of capitalism. Capitalism is and remains the only economic system that harnesses human greed in a positive way for the betterment of humanity as a whole. Without capitalism, the resources to help anyone wouldn't exist. So instead of some being poor, we'd all be poor. Not even remotely. Even the corrupted Soviet Union was richer than Russia is now, to this day. Wealth redistribution does not somehow remove money from the economy.  Yes, but not for any reason other than 1) A deeply flawed privatization regime And 2) the value of the ruble absolutey evaporated. Redistribution of wealth may not remove it from the economy, but it stunts the growth of further wealth. The question is why does ANYONE need masses of wealth. That is a question asked and answered by socialism.  Wrong context. Perhaps I should have phrases it better. "Why do you need masses of wealth before you invest?" Implying everyone has a middle-class income. In addition, wealth does not accumulate that simply. Acting as though poverty can be solved by the stock market is hilarious.  Most people do have a middle class income. Over 80% of Americans earn over $30,000 annually. In that case it's even more upsetting that you see no issue with poverty.  I see a big issue with poverty, but their case is not helped by their insistence that I take some of my hard earned money and give it to them. So all I need to wait is a decade or so to get a middle-class income to last me 1 year?  If you view that $50,000 as "income for 1 year", it's no wonder you haven't accused wealth. I'm sure your experience with the stock market will be exactly the same for everyone else. FREE MONEY. This debate is already doomed judging by your mindset.  Considering I pretty much just invest in index funds with my retirement accounts, yeah everyone's experience would be similar to mine.   