With all this Destiny 2 hype, people need to remember how awful Bungie/Activision treated their community with the first game.
It's as if people are ignoring how evil Bungie and Activision were during the first game. They lied prior to release, promising all this content that never made it to the actual game. The game was incredibly short and the end game content was missing. So they cut out content and spread it out over 2 expansions in a $40 season pass, an expansion they promised 2 raids for. When the time came for the 2nd expansion, they cheated the community out of the second raid and delivered some half assed horde mode that no one wanted. Both of the expansions in the season pass were barebones and added very little content to the game. A few missions, a couple strikes. And if you didn't buy these expansions, you were locked out of content you paid for with the base game. PVP modes you paid for. Then The Taken King came, what the Destiny fans call the changing moment for Destiny. Bullshit. A $40 expansion. It had roughly around 10-12 missions. A few new strikes. They changed the enemies of old strikes. New subclasses. And a raid. Most of the new content were quests that were basically "go grind this." "Go collect 25 of this." Hadium Flakes I believe they were called. If you didn't buy The Taken King, you were locked out of content you paid for. The damn Bungie employee openly mocked the community for throwing money at the screen for microtransactions. What kind of fucked up developer does this? At this point, the game cost a whopping $140. I gave up on Destiny there. Didn't feel like paying $30 for the next expansion. But what I've heard from friends is basically that the expansion was much smaller than The Taken King, which says a lot. This is a developer who refuses to implement dedicated servers for a game they are charging $170 for. A game that has one of the laggiest PVPs around. While a company like Blizzard offers dedicated servers and free content drops for a price of $60 in Overwatch. Yes Blizzard sells cosmetic microtransactions. But Bungie has started selling microtransactions that offer gun and armor mods which give an advantage. Why do people put up with this bullshit? So you can scan two objectives, shoot a bullet sponge boss and drop your precious loot? And enjoy a lagfest for a PVP which uses a downright unacceptable infrastructure? Seriously, fuck Destiny, COD, Bungie, and Activision. And the fanboys who let them get away with that bullshit.  submitted by /u/BigFatLynelDick [link] [comments] 