DACA was just rescinded. I am a 34 year old illegal alien DACA beneficiary who will soon be deportable. Ask me ANYTHING.
Hello all! Jeff Sessions just rescinded DACA on behalf of y'alls cowardly orange president. Come next September, my work permit and protection from deportation will expire and I'll be left to my own devices to go up against DHS and ICE. I am a 34 year old man who has been living in this country for 32 years, by way of Mexico. I have absolutely no memory of Mexico. I applied for DACA three years ago, and currently have a job and some of that U.S.-living great stuff that my parents always wanted for me. DACA being rescinded is a little scary, but... hey. It's the hand that I was dealt in this life. I am here to answer any and all questions you may have for me. Just for today, I am willing to be that token undocumented person on Reddit, ready to field all your politically correct and incorrect questions about what it's like to be an undocumented person living in the United States in the age of Trump. Will answer as honestly as I possibly can. ANNNNNNND... let's go! Ask away! Proof: my DACA  edit (6:38pm): OOOOOF. This was rough. This AMA didn't go exactly as I wanted, though it did go as well as I thought. Many of y'all may not like me or people like me, but... I'm still willing to respond to questions. Just beware: you ask a snarky question, you might just get a snarky response. Much love to you all. edit: (1:40am): Been nine hours since this AMA was posted. I'm gonna go to sleep now. But for those of you with those burning politically incorrect questions, let's have 'em. I'll pick it back up tomorrow morning as I have my morning coffee. PEACE! edit (5:13pm, next day): Hey all! Thanks for all the questions. Thanks to all those who posed real questions, thanks to all who offered me best wishes in private messages, to all those who took the time to read through my responses, and to all the law-loving God-fearing illegal-alien-hating Trumpists who came through to make this an entertaining AMA for me. I must move forward with the next thing. Stay real, reddit! Love y'all!  submitted by /u/dacarecipientnomore [link] [comments] 