We are the team from Power Ledger, creators of the world’s first blockchain based P2P energy trading platform, ask us anything!
EDIT 1: Hi everyone, thanks for the questions so far! Most of the team are currently sleeping but rest assured we will continue to answer questions tomorrow! EDIT 2: We're back! It's business as usual in the office today but we'll still try to get through as many questions as we can! EDIT 3: Taking a break for a bit, we will be back to answer more questions soon. Back! In the meantime this should assist in providing some clarity Power Ledger is a software company that has developed a blockchain-based energy platform which enables households and businesses with solar panels and batteries to trade their surplus energy with each other. In addition, the platform facilitates the crowdfunding of renewable energy assets whereby contributors receive the revenue stream proportional to their share of ownership. Proof Today we have the following people here to chat: Dr. Jemma Green, cofounder, researcher, author and entrepreneur with extensive experience in sustainable development and citizen utilities. Jemma is also chair of climate-KIC australia. David Martin, cofounder, distribution network specialist with over 20 years in emerging energy technologies, David's passion is the development of a low carbon electricity system. John Bulich, cofounder, resident tech genius and blockchain specialist, having been a part of several innovative blockchain based tech solutions for artifact provenance including evidence grade photography and medical record management. Dr. Govert Van Ek, cofounder, a tech enthusiast with over 25 years experience in software and business. Gov's interests are in the interface between computing and humans and in artificial intelligence. Nuno Martins, a full stack block chain engineer and security specialist with an in depth knowledge of computing, AI and robotics. Marc Griffiths, a veteran Ethereum engineer with industry experience at Goldman Sachs. Marc's focus is on adapting blockchain technology for use in different fields. Here’s a short video for those keen on learning more about Power Ledger!  submitted by /u/Powerledger [link] [comments] 