/u/GaryOster on need help making a main screen for a game
Ok. Do one thing at a time and make sure each step works so it's easier to debug. Work on design and development separately. Just do all the graphic elements first (HTML + minimal CSS), then build in functionality. Basic Layout Create an HTML5 wrapper.  Create a canvas (minimal attributes). Test to make sure it's there — You can use a background color or border.  Create a title.  Create a button on the page. Use CSS to set the font-family: to arial, and whatever color: you want.   Check your code for syntax errors (Hint: it's always syntax). Game Canvas (if I understand correctly that you are using two canvases for different purposes) Create the second canvas. Make sure it's there. It doesn't matter that appears below the first canvas, you can fine tune the design later. Let's get it on the page and working.  Give it an ID. Call it what it is.   Development Create a script container in the head of the document. Make a super simple script function() which will make a change to the game canvas (change the color, move or resize the canvas). It's just something to test to make sure you're properly targeting the game canvas. You can use a getElementById('gameCanvas').fillStyle method  Put an onclick event on the button to calling the function(). Test it. Make corrections if needed. If you cannot get the script to work, put an alert('ok') at the top of the function. If the alert() appears when you press the button, the function is being called successfully and the problem is after the alert. If the alert() does not appear, then the problem is with calling the function().   I think that's it for what you have to do thus far. When you get to creating the game script, use the same process — do a bit, test it to make sure it works to that point, do the next bit (I often use an alert() to make sure variables are working at points). Don't try to write the whole script at once. And trust me on this: Do it the hard way. It's perfectly fine to use reference or modify existing code, just make sure you know what it's all doing and why it should or should not be done that way. Don't just copy paste.   