/u/StFuzzySlippers on The Group Draw is almost here; let’s talk about the WC Group Stage format, why it needs to change, and what could be done to make it better for Worlds 2018.
You insulted me by assuming I didn't read your post thoroughly and also by expecting me to address every single one of your points specifically, which is tedious on my part and arrogant on yours. But you've been respectful for the most part, so i'll apologize and consider that I may have been a bit sensitive. I will try to address a few of the points that you make, but limit myself to the ones you bring up in the post I am immediately responding to, as I assume those are the one most important to you: there is too much variance in the Group Draw  I did address this one previously. Changing the system in most conceivable ways will not address this issue because the perceived imbalance is caused by one region (KR) who has been heavily dominant. The current system has nothing to do with this, and it is not prudent long term to change the system because of this because there are conceivable scenarios where this imbalance becomes less pronounced and lesser regions improve (btw Riot is specifically addressing the latter part of this issue by trying to integrate smaller regions into international play. this is the first year they are doing this, give it time). there needs to be a balance between "too many games" and "too much variance"  I agree with this statement. I suppose I would argue that, the current system already achieves this balance as elegantly as it can be at this time. To me, your bracket stage between 2-3 place seeds solves a problem that has already been solved once. There is no reason to believe that each 2 seed which advance to quarters does not deserve it more than the 3 seed from their group. Let's use last year as an example: Group A: ANX advances over CLG because they defeated them 2-0 Group B: C9 advances over FW/Imay by winning 3/4 games vs those two teams, including 2-0 over Imay who themselves won 2-0 vs FW Group C: EDG advances over AHQ by defeating them 2-0 Group D: RNG advances over TSM by defeating them 2-0 Imagine that that was your knockout stage. 3 of the 4 series (admittedly Bo3 not Bo5, but most commentators in this thread seem to think Bo3s are definitive enough anyway) were decided by 2-0 sweeps. that is definitive enough. huge grey zone  Tournaments like the FIFA World Cup, NCAA Men's Basketball tournament, NFL/NBA/MLB Playoffs, and various Olympic sports do not concern themselves with these grey zones in the middle of the pack. Tournaments are held to determine champions. If you are concerned about the payouts i.e. why should 5-8 make the same amount of money, maybe that's one thing, but it seems a much more petty concern to me at least. many of the teams that are 5th-8th advanced through "easy groups"  I have already explained elsewhere that the perception of "strong" and "easy" groups is a fallacy perpetuated to create hype/controvercy I personally believe that determining more concretely the teams in the 5th-16th place is important  It isn't while being a TSM fan may drive this feeling  It does I'm considering this to be my definitive statement on the issue, I'm sure this doesn't resolve all of our differences, but we have to give it a rest at some point. Thanks for hearing me out, and I hope you feel as if I have heard you out as well.   