Announcement: /r/microsoft and support
It's become more and more apparent that folks are reaching out directly to moderators of /r/microsoft for support with the belief all of us are MS Employees. While some of us are - and there's nothing inherently wrong with this - it does become difficult to track after a while. On that basis, we've decided to create this thread specifically for folks who need assistance with issues that pertain to the following subjects: Microsoft Accounts: Lockouts, suspensions, inability to gain access Microsoft Retail: Needing to find support on a product or purchase, assistance with activating online product keys or media, assistance with issues raised from liaising with colleagues in the Microsoft Store. Microsoft Support: Needing assistance with specific Microsoft products (Windows, Office, Exchange, SQL etc.)**  (Note: For the above, this is only if you need assistance in getting in touch with us. Please do not discuss your technical problem on this forum, there are many that we link to in our sidebar which are dedicated to these types of issues.) This list is not all inclusive, so if you're unsure, simply ask. Now, what we ask of you is that you have a demonstrated attempt of seeking assistance from the public channels available to you. That should take the form of liaising with our frontline teams on the telephone, email or live chat services. You'll need to provide proof of this to us when requesting any assistance in this thread. Important stuff: This is not an official support channel, nor does it make any claims to act as such. We are all volunteers here, not all of whom work for Microsoft. Posting here does NOT come with any guarantee of support. When requesting help from us, be prepared to provide Microsoft with the following information (requested via PM): Your full name (First, Last) Your interactions with support thus far (tell us if it was via email, and if there was a service incident created) A contact email address which you are reachable at  Most importantly, you folks are what make Microsoft run. We appreciate your dedication to our products and services, and will do our best to always find a resolution to your issues  submitted by /u/MSModerator [link] [comments] 