Musings on MS as a corporate-driven ecosystem vendor ...
I thought of this in response to two recent events: the sale of MS's phone business and the Groove streaming service being shut down. It's clear that MS has decided to throw in as a corporate vendor first, and a consumer vendor second ... if at all. With that in mind: a) What is a phone? Nadella has hinted that MS is still in the phone business, but that what they consider a phone won't look like the phones of today. Their patents indicate a weird folding kind of device that's really a dice roll on a new form factor for phones. With all due respect, that's not radical enough. A phone is little more than a cellular radio and antenna(e), drivers, and a software dialer. Rather than figure out a new form factor for the handset, just get rid of the handset altogether and make a high quality Surface phone dongle. Plug it into your Surface Pro or Surface Laptop and your phone is with you on the road. Plug it into your Surface Desktop at work and you've got your phone at the office. Make anything with a screen and a USB port into a phone. I'd ditch my phone in a heartbeat if there was a dongle and an accompanying app dialer in the MS store and I'm sure there's plenty of business oriented road warriors that would love one less device to cart around. There's also no re-tooling to make cellular enabled versions of existing products, like we are seeing with the Surface Pro 2017 for this Christmas season. b) Let me stream to myself. Build all your media offerings around OneDrive as the centralized repository, so whether I buy a comic, or a book, or a song or a movie from the MS store they all dump to my OneDrive. Then give me Groove, Movie, Book, Comic as agile front ends dedicated to their specific product type and built for streaming from OneDrive via the Internet. Let me take all my media with me, without actually taking all my media with me. You do that, and at the very least, I'm never using a streaming music service again, and I might even turf something like Netflix. If cloud is where we're going, then build around the cloud completely. Thoughts? Comments?  submitted by /u/patter_flash [link] [comments] 