Horror/Spooktober Movie Month Recommendations Thread: The Thread
Hey guys. Welcome to Spooktober. This is a great time of year for movie fans as horror movies are some of the most bountiful and ranging in quality films out there. With only 31 days to watch all the schlock, hilarity, horror, slashing, screaming, running, ducking, smacking, whacking, devirginizing, falling, resurrecting, reanimating, scanning, panning, zooming, biting, shooting, shouting, willhelming, and general disarray we are expecting lots of threads throughout the month where people ask for spooky recommendations. Well now you don't have to make such a thread! This is the one! This thread will be stickied for as long as we can and then a link and an image will be put into the header for the entire month. Refer to it if you need something to watch or if you just watched something and want to discuss it! Here's how the thread will be the best for everyone: Each user should recommend one movie. Let's try not to sponge karma by submitting every horror movie, just pick your favorite. Post the title, if you wanna get fancy a year and director is always appreciated. If you want to be really cool maybe an IMDB link.  You can add a quick note about why you like it but let's only discuss the movies in depth in replies. That way the thread looks like simple recommendations but if you want to discuss a movie you can get in that movie's thread. And since this is a recommendation thread, let's be liberal with spoiler tags.  If you name more than one movie as your recommendation in one parent comment it will be removed.  Use the search function to see if your favorite movie has already been submitted. Avoid reposts and discuss your favorite movie in the relevant comment thread!  If you're looking for a funky way to find a movie to watch, try sorting by random!  If you just want recommendations and to not see all of the discussion, be sure to find that button that says "Hide All Child Comments" and click the shit out of it!   Have fun and be spooked responsibly. - Tha Mods  submitted by /u/LiteraryBoner [link] [comments] 