/u/CarbonLifeForm69 on Death toll in Puerto Rico from Hurricane Maria climbs to 34, governor says
It's about the geology of the area, particularly the drainage. Wind doesn't hardly do anything compared to what water CAN do, but only when it pools or floods into property. The average elevation of New Orleans is 2 feet above sea level! Louisiana is a river delta, so all the water goes there. Katrina didn't just dump water on the flooded areas, it moved in north and the water it dumped pooled to New Orleans. It was a kind of unique event/hit. Houston also reminds us that hurricanes that stall and flood can do a lot more damage than just wind, but in that case the area is general much higher elevation and the total flooding was much less. Anyway, the point is, flooding really does the most damage and flooding is determined mostly by the elevation and drainage of the area. Florida, for instance, has waterways everywhere. It get lots of sea surge, but all those waterways also carry the water away. Each geography is damaged different by the event to a significant degree. A hurricane on New Orleans will probably always do more damage and be a bigger threat because of their low elevation. Since where the hurricane hits is mostly a crap shoot and not a factor of global warming, and even hurricane formation is not directly linked to warming, but rather storm intensity. It's quite possible to have global warming with fewer hurricanes, but more intense ones, however where they hit will mostly determine how destructive and deadly they are. Hurricanes take wind patterns to form and only form in certain parts of the world and only hit certain parts of the world depending on the wind patterns. In warming climate models winds can sometimes stop hurricane formation, though that could also rapidly change. With less temperature differential from the ice caps I think I would expect to see LESS wind eventually, thus less hurricane formation, but certainly more intense storms in general. The wind changes may be one of the most rapid changes we see in weather patterns, because they immensely impact weather and do so almost instantly, unlike CO2 or general heat buildup or ocean acidification. I think we overlook how badly wind current change could screw the planet. It's like ocean current, but it changes much much faster and impacts weather more directly and things like rain being blow around instead of staying in fewer spots is pretty super important to being able to host the current population of earth.   