/u/monkeiboi on US lawmakers want ‘stealthing’ classified as rape
Yeah, okay, you were the only one in the thread who didn't think that was an incredibly clever gotcha. Sure.  We're the only ones talking here bud. Nobody is following our string this far down. We're not talking about putting all the responsibility on one person - we're talking about deliberate sabotage after a method of birth control has been mutually agreed upon.  Again, I would refer you to "is it a crime if a woman sabotages her birth control and gets pregnant?" This is a double standard of thinking. "Don't like it, don't have sex with that person" isn't an option, because it's done secretly and suddenly, not pre-announced.  Don't deal with cheats and liars? What do you want me to say? Is it a crime if you get into a car with someone who told you their brakes are good and you get into an accident and turns out their brakes are metal on metal? No. If I ask a girl to give me a blowjob, but no biting, and she bites anyway...is that now sodomy? No of course it isn't. What sex conditions are allowed to be criminalized? Honestly I'd like to hear your answer for that? Is getting off first and leaving the girl hanging a crime, punishable by law? How many disappointed men and women would have never agreed to sex if they knew how awful their partner was going to be? Is it a crime to not use water based lubricant? Is it a crime to tell a guy that the latex condoms ou gave him aren't latex when he has an allergy? We both agree that it is a heinous, despicable act. I'm just saying that it is outlandish and a prime example of runaway legislation to assign criminal consequences to it, especially Rape of all charges. That diminishes ACTUAL rape victims, not to mention, how do you distinguish punishment between a long term couple where the guy pulls a fast one during consensual sexual intercourse and a violent, forceful rape. You either have to over punish one or under punish the other. There are already laws on the books for purposely infecting someone with an STI and that's sufficient.   