Overwatch if it was balanced by the Hearthstone Team
"Hey, everyone, it's Ben from the Overwatch team, here with an update to discuss some of the upcoming balance changes to some of our heroes." Genji: Swift Strike no longer resets from kills  Developer Comments: "Several powerful variations of dive comps are currently seeing play, and all of them utilize Genji. Genji creates explosive starts to the game that can be difficult for the opposing teams to recover from. This change leaves Genji as a simpler offense hero and slows down his explosive start potential, while ensuring that he can be utilized by teams that revolve around playing aggressive comps.  Mercy: Resurrect now takes 2 times as long to charge, all other abilities removed  Developer Comments: "Mercy was a hero we have had on our radar for months now. She has been consistently powerful and ran in a majority of team comps. Initially we wanted to rework Mercy to make her less frustrating to play against, but we didn't want to confuse new players, thus came up with a more elegant solution. Resurrect now takes twice as long to charge and we have removed all of Mercy's other abilities as well. This way, new players will understand that their only job is to resurrect teammates and don't get distracted by the other buttons on their keyboard besides Q."  Reaper: Main fire damage decreased by 20%  Developer Commentary: "We’re not making the change to Reaper due to a current power-level problem. Offense is a class that currently has a lot of flexibility, but is lacking in diversity and identifiable weaknesses. Changing Reaper makes offense heroes a bit weaker against tanks and worse at burst damage—having both strengths and weaknesses in a class is important. We are very wary of heroes that also incidentally have lifesteal. If a player wants to utilize a hero with a lifesteal effect, they should be giving up something else. For example, if a player decides to include Reaper in their team comp, then they are playing a hero that is weak in some situations. Sombra is an exception to this rule—hacking health packs is a part of her hero identity. Even though Reaper is not always played in the more defensive team comps, we will be making this forward-thinking change with the overall identity of the hero in mind. This includes avoiding Reaper changes that function as direct and powerful damage. We will continue moving forward with this design philosophy to help reinforce that ideal."  Lucio: Healing removed  Developer Commentary: "Lucio is good at speeding up his teammates to an early lead, and if a player can’t reach the objective in time, teams can deathball to victory using heroes like Lucio. Removing the healing from Lucio will make it easier for players to wipe a team of enemies, and still have him remain a classic build-around hero. Simplifying healing is an additional benefit of this change. For example, in its current state, having a Lucio in the game then using characters with splash damage would not kill other heroes on the enemy team, leading to unclear interactions for some players."  Zarya: Projected Barrier and Personal Barrier cooldown increased by 1 second  Developer Commentary: "Zarya offers a great defensive tool for dive comps to protect themselves against aggressive teams, but it was too efficient at its current cooldowns. Raising the cooldowns by 1 will slow the occurrence of barriers, while still allowing for the defensive tool Zarya's barriers create to be utilized by her teammates.  Community Hero Disussions Winston: No changes  Developer Commentary: "Our team has discussed making a change to Winston since it feels bad to get dived on. However, our data shows us how good each individual hero performs in a team relative to other heroes in that team. Genji ended up being the best performing card in Dive and Deathball comps, Zarya was in the top three, and Winston was somewhere around the middle—but felt much more powerful since he has a huge effect when played. We considered changing the cooldown of Winston's bubble shield, or removing some of his armor. With the other changes we are making to dive comps, Winston might be played less often, so we decided to leave him as is."  DVA  Developer Commentary: "We’ve seen discussions about removing DVA's defense matrix from the game. As previously mentioned, removing abilities can only occur after testing on the PTR realm, which is currently in cycle with a lot of changes to DVA. Our general stance regarding PTR is to avoid making any adjustments to PTR changes before pushing them to live."  Original Patch Notes for reference.  submitted by /u/UltimaShadow [link] [comments] 