Jeff's latest response has me worried.
So just recently, someone posted on overwatch forum complaining that they thought the Overwatch team is small. He said this because the devs barely talk on the forums, leading him to believe that the Overwatch team has very little people on it. Jeff himself responded and debunked this theory. He said that the main reason the devs don't respond much is that... They're afraid of us. They are afraid to respond to us. I mean, holy crap. I guess I was in denial, but I can't ignore it anymore, this community has gotten really toxic huh? Overwatch is being held back by US. That they could not proceed with the game's development that much because of the toxic people. Now that Jeff said that the devs are afraid to talk to us is scary itself. Jeff even said that when they do talk, often the devs are often harassed and just bullied. Let that sink in... When they do try to talk to us and get our feedback, we lash out at them personally. I think these word from Jeff himself sums it up. "And if you'll allow me to speak openly for a moment -- it's scary. Overall, the community is awesome to us. But there are some pretty mean people out there. All of our developers are free to post on these forums. Very few of us actually do because it's extremely intimidating and/or time consuming. It's very easy to post the wrong thing and make a "promise" to the community that no one intended to make. Once we say we're working on something, we're not allowed to "take it back". It's set in stone." I hear it too. People complaining all the time on here and elsewhere. Everyone is constantly bitching. Hell, just recently, on the PTR there was a "bug" were Lucio does not get the speed boost after wall riding. Now when people found out about this, EVERYONE jumped to the conclusion that "OH THE DEVS ARE NERFING LUCIO WHY WAH WAH" and treated it like it was fact. Like this is actually going live. Now whether or not it is, why are we so quick to jump to conclusions? This community is falling apart, and Jeff knows it. It's up to us to change and save the game we all love dearly. Because if we all continue down this path, theres no telling whats gonna happen. I'm sorry I went on a rant, I'm just genuinely worried about this community and the Overwatch devs. Here is Jeff's post if you care to read it: https://us.battle.net/forums/en/overwatch/topic/20759346970?page=4#post-75  submitted by /u/ThatOneCrossover [link] [comments] 