/u/zenthr on Video games can be beneficial or detrimental to your brain depending on the navigation strategy and the genre of the game, neuroscientists show in new study
But the prescribed play is often strategic play.  It is, but my complaint about the culture is twofold: 1) that I no longer am playing, the community plays through me. This action actively discourages personally exploring and learning the mechanics, which is the entire source of fun (or least interest in the game). And 2) it's misapplied often. For instance, one tank on your Overwatch team is not ideal, but you are not putting together a team- you are thrown together with people who developed distinct skill sets, and you have to plan your strategy to the players on your team, not some idealistic team that you don't have. Worse, there is a risk of overlooking niches for lower tier characters, because "they aren't the meta". guess it depends on what skill bracket you're in.  As I said, I think it's more of a composition issue with randos that fundamentally cannot be solved, unless you do something drastic, like require players to commit to some archtype before matchmaking, which itself can be contentious (e.g. "I'll play support! *picks non-healer character identified as support by the system*) or maybe not allowing strategic switches, which really kills the strategic niches from having utility. I'm not a big fan of these solutions, but I think some use this. when that choice is obviously detrimental to winning.  Where do you draw this line? Very few choices are inherently bad. If I turn the team comp into something that has won only 10% of tourneys? 5%? Does it matter if the opposing composition is "screwed up"? How does one exploit a niche strategem? There is only one thing I see as inherently detrimental, and that is throwing. A character pick cannot be a throw (by itself- I am presuming the pick has genuine interest in bringing the play to a win, not ), but being irate about others play fundamentally weakens the team, which I view as a throw. This argument only gets stronger in ranked play. In ranked play, you either have a problem with the matchmaker (in which case take it up with the Devs) or obvious trolls/throwing, but never with a player that you've been matched to. By definition, if the matchmaker works, they are nearly as good as you, full stop. Even unranked often use a hidden skill value, but I think these are much less strict usually.   