Science AMA Series: We’re Morgan Jackson, a Ph.D. student in entomology, and Sophia Spencer, an 8-year-old bug enthusiast, and we co-authored a research paper about using social media to support young, aspiring scientists. #BugsR4Girls. AMA!
If you’re not familiar with #BugsR4Girls, I (Morgan) started it to help support Sophia after she was bullied for liking insects. Last year, her mother wrote to us at the Entomological Society of Canada seeking some advice for encouraging her interest in science. I shared her request on Twitter (via @CanEntomologist), and it went viral. The online entomological community responded with hundreds of offers to connect with Sophia and talk to her about entomology. Last month, we revisited this experience with an article in the Annals of the Entomological Society of America’s special collection on science communication. We explore the responses to the tweet, within Twitter and in the larger media landscape, and what they mean for entomology, scientific societies using social media, and the promotion of women in science, and provide recommendations for increasing engagement on social media to improve representation of science. But perhaps the best part is that Sophia co-authored the article, offering her perspective in her own words—making her the first 8-year-old to ever be published in the 110-year-old Annals of the ESA. And now, once again, Sophia’s story and #BugsR4Girls are spreading on social media and in the news, inspiring young aspiring scientists far and wide. We'll be back at 1 pm Et to answer your questions, ask us anything! [M] Hey everyone! I'm Morgan, a PhD student, and I'll be here for the next few hours answering your questions. I'm going to start all of my answers with [M] so you know which are coming from me and which are coming from Sophia and her Mom. Looking forward to talking bugs, entomology, and social media with everyone! Hi Everyone, Sophia and her Mom Nicole are online and we are answering questions for the next little bit. [M] Thanks to everyone for joining Sophia, Nicole and I for the AMA today! I'll check back in over the next few days to answer any other questions that pop up, but I just wanted to thank you all for your interest and positivity!  submitted by /u/BugsR4Girls [link] [comments] 