/u/Fehnor on What's your take on GDPR, have you begun to prepare for it? Ready to bite the EU-bullet?
GDPR is an extension of existing data privacy acts held by most countries in EU. A few countries around the world have similar policies, like the Philippines. I would expect to see an increase in this type of legislation in the future around the world, and I would not be surprised to see the US pass a similar law after Equifax. How scary is this for businesses? For most, it's not a big impact. If you collect data on employees and customers, take reasonable steps to safeguard it. There are clauses that allow companies to collect certain types of data necessary for operations and legal accountability. The businesses this will impact the most are marketing companies, and will probably force super shady marketing companies out of business. I prefer the format of this site to Wall o' Text: https://gdpr-info.eu/ Some key takeaways for SQL folks: Wording around data processing is very loose: lawful, fair, transparent. There are some definitions in general provisions. Technical guidance often ends at "appropriate technical and organiz(s)ational controls." You should be able to advocate that your company took appropriate precautions to protect personal information. This is vague, I think intentionally. Can you prove you have taken steps to protect data? Regarding SQL, this would mean transparent data encryption, access controls to server and db, application accounts with execute, SPs without all-encompassing commands, audit controls. Data collection around consent is messy. If you are responsible for choosing when to collect data, this may be painful. Consent has unintuitive legal definitions. For example, consent must never be assumed, and can be revoked at any time. There are some weird clauses around not giving consent when signing up for a service. In general, consent is sandy legal ground.  GDPR is government-enforced ethical data handling, and I hope we see more of it.   