What's your take on GDPR, have you begun to prepare for it? Ready to bite the EU-bullet?
TL;DR= GDPR can not be avoided and it will be EXPENSIVE to not comply, even if your company is NON EU. For those of you who don't know it; GDPR is a new Data Protection Regulation which is going to be enforced by EU for all its citizens. (as of May 25:th 2018), which means that even companies based outside EU must OBEY to the rules if they have data about a citizen from EU. Not complying can yield a penalty fine of up to €20000000 or 4% of company turnover (which ever is the highest) Of course, the penalty is measured against degree of neglect, so the first offence will probably not set the company in bankruptcy, but if the pattern repeats, it will be expensive. Henrik, a friend of me wrote an article which made me thinking. He doesn't point out a solution, but he actually makes it to a case of a chance to IMPROVE the business processes/model. . He points out that GDPR actually can help your business IF you see the benefits of it. This is a good reason to kill off old systems or make upgrades to meet the demands. It's also an excellent help to secure the systems. Best of all is the ROI, you got it already, minimize the risk for €20 000 000 fines. GDPR boils down to (NOT EXTENSIVE): GDPR applies to EVERY company/entity that handles data with EU citizen, no matter which country to company resides in.  Every Citizen of EU has the right to be deleted from the system, which means that anyone can demand a company to remove all data of him/her from their system. This also applies if you restore a backup prior to the deletion, the deletion has to be done again.  Every citizen can demand a full report of EVERYTHING that is stored about them in the particular system.  The companies must safeguard the data and take all measures to keep it safe and accessible just for those who need to have it.  The data must be possible to export to another vendor IF the users demands it (within reasonable limits).  Data breaches: The company must inform supervising authorities within 72 hours of a breach (looking at you Equifax)   Oh the kicker! The definition of personal data is super wide. As someone said, if you just like CSI can derive personal information from a clue, it's personal data. IP, Car licence plate, address, social security number etc. The whole GDPR doocument  submitted by /u/Grogg2000 [link] [comments] 