/u/papaya_eyeyaya on Great News continues to embrace its inner weirdness with fantastic results
I've been watching it since the premier and enjoying it, but it does have its quirks. On the plus side, the actors, technical stuff (set design, camera work, etc), and pacing are good. The main actress and all the casting is great, IMO, and the core idea is solid. The main problem I have is with the overall style of humor. Sometimes it's great, and very 30 Rock-like absurd. Other times it feels like a bad 80's sit com, and the pacing of jokes flows with that side. If it wants to be more like other Tina Fey stuff (which I love), it needs more rapid fire jokes. Like Fey's character this week, where each interaction had a great, quick 1-2 punch-jab at the end. ("... where we hunt people. And not the poor ones. Very solid upper middle class ones.") The comedy slows down and becomes corny with the mother figure usually, though she gets some really good lines, too. Maybe it's funnier for people without an overbearing parent, or maybe it's not funny at all to them. It might be hard to relate to, but having an overbearing mother myself, it's borderline PTSD-inducing. I mean, my mother wasn't terrible (oh god, this is turning into a therapy session), but the recognition and familiarity gets in the way of enjoying the moments in the show. I'm peeking at the comedy through a veil of cringe, so I vastly prefer the scenes without the mother or where she takes a back seat. One other minor thing is that they build up to mediocre jokes a bit too often. Like this week where the reporter guy was given the opportunity to do whatever story he wanted and he chose to investigate the gender of the person in a mascot suit. That whole 2 minute sequence before it was building up to that joke, and it was really, really bland. And that happens pretty often with the mother - long build up leading to "that cwaazzzzy obsessive mama" payoff. Spend half the episode building up the mother afraid to go to the bank, then it turn out it's because she stole all the complimentary mints last time she was there. Womp waaaa... Overall, I enjoy the show and it has improved steadily with time. It just needs some stronger payoff jokes if they want to end on the cute sentimental notes each episode.   