TIFU by trying to save my 3 year old daughter from a rushing Truck
This (as most stories do) didn't happen today, but more than a year ago. It just happens that today I got the full consequences of my doing told to me by my doctor. We live in a pretty quiet neighborhood in a small village near the boarder. On that particular day, my wife suggested to me, that I take the little ones (them being my daughter and my 11 months old son) for a stroll, while she cleans up the house. I did as she said, packed the smallest one in his stroller and took my older one by the hand, and we were off. I asked my daughter if she wanted us to stay a bit on the playground (which is pretty close to our house), and the natural reaction of a three year old with a tendency to play was of course: yes, yes, I do! So as we were strolling along, my daughter came across a black cat in the middle of the street, and the thing she loves more than playing is petting random animals. So she saw the cat said 'daddy cat' pointed her little finger at the middle of the street and looked at me with those big beautiful brown eyes of hers. I couldn't say no to that. So I said 'be careful'. So she went into the street and started petting the cat, as I drove the stroller to the playground. I took my phone out and started doing what I usually do, when they are at the playground, I started surfing around Reddit and Facebook, and I totally forgot that my daughter was still on the street. A couple of minutes later I heard a truck accelerate into our street from the crossing. Even though the allowed speed limit was 30km/h this guy exceeded it by around 30. Then it dawned me, I stood up and ran as fast as I could back to the point where my daughter was supposed to be, as the truck was getting faster, I was getting more determined to save my little angel from this maniac. So when I thought I reached the point ahead of where my daughter was supposed to be, I through myself on the street and was waiting for the inevitable crash to happen. Fortunately the truck driver has seen me, unfortunately for me, it was too late. So he collided with my right leg, before the truck stopped, as I felt a horrible pain striking my body. I barely stood upright but when I tried to move back my right leg just wouldn't move. As I looked down on it, I noticed that my knee was bending backwards, to my back, rather than my front. I started screaming at the sight and fell backwards (or rather I let myself drop) on my ass. I must've passed out for what seemed to me only a couple of minutes, but I woke up in an ambulance on my way to the hospital, with my wife glancing over me. 'Where is Vanessa?', I asked. 'She's with your mom.' my wife said. Later that day, I found out that my daughter, by the time the truck stroke me, was with her cousin at her house petting the cat she found earlier in the streets. Now, a shit ton of operations later, my doctor just tells me that it won't be possible for me to ever walk without pain anymore. TL;DR: sacrificed my right leg for my daughter which was in vain. Will never be able to walk again without feeling crippling pain.  submitted by /u/dan1984j [link] [comments] 