TIFU by forgetting my workout clothes
This event was brought on by my previous post, you can read it if you want some context. So today I went to school after literally not sleeping for two days, and for some odd reason instead of forgetting to do homework or missing the bus my brain decided that today we were going to forget my P.E clothes. I had P.E second period and today we were going to have a quiz. To make up the time lost on the quiz my teacher was going to work us super hard with the rest of the time available. By now I've realized that I forgot my clothes at home and worked out a deal with the teacher so as to not lose any points for that day (my parents are sticklers about my grades.) So I did everything that the teacher assigned with maximum effort as to not lose any brownie points. As I walk out of the classroom a kid walked up to me and told me that I smelled like weed. Not just like a little bit but like a lot. I've always been a really good kid I'll act bad but I've never done anything that could get me in trouble with the law. Hearing this made my heart stop for a second cause I could smell it to I didn't know it was me though. My next class will be one of the worst memories of my entire life. Because I was still sweaty from my previous class everybody 5 seats away from me could smell it. There was one kid that knew exactly what that smell was and got triggered cause he could smell it the entire time. He eventually figured out who it was and started yelling at the teacher that I smelled like weed. Never have I been so scared in my life. Lucky for me the teacher knew me pretty well and knew that I wouldn't do something like that. He ignored the kid for as long as humanly possible but he eventually cracked and called me to the front of the room to smell me. I'm about to shit myself I'm so scared. He smelled me and the look of surprise on his face couldn't be replicated by the greatest actor in the world. He told me to go to the office and tell them my situation. So I headed down to the office contemplating running away and starting a life of my own. When the school police officer sees me in the hall and asks what I'm doing out here and came up next to me to give me the lecture about skipping class. I'm praying that he doesn't smell me right now. knowing my luck it shouldn't have been a surprise when he leaned in closer to sniff me while simultaneously asking what I was doing when I wasn't in class. I told him that I was sent to the office by my teacher and he could ask the teacher if he wanted. He asked if I could tell him why I was being sent to the office. Probably the hardest decision of my life was decided when I realized that I was going to see him eventually about the issue and if I lied to him now I would be indefinitely screwed. I told him my full side of the story and him seeming to believe me gave me the tiniest sliver of hope. My brain had kicked into "THE FUCKING WORLD IS ENDING" mode by now. When he asked me if I wanted to take a drug test to prove my innocence I was so ready to say yes that I said it before he even finished talking. The following test was the most relieving yet scary moment of my entire life. The cop took me to his cruiser and gave me a cup and told me he was going to take me to the bathroom and I was going to pee. Luckily for me I had to go at the moment. He took me to the bathroom and I filled the cup, I'm honestly surprised I got it in the cup I was shaking so much. I then proceeded to give the cup to the officer and he tested it right there. I was clean. There was a little bit of me that thought that I might have inhaled the smell and it would have gotten into my system. The sigh of relief that I let out couldent be matched even by God himself. He said to go back to class and that I was fine. As I walked back into the classroom trying to hold back the ptsd about what just happened to me I couldn't help but to look at the kid who put me into this situation in the first place and let out the biggest grin that I have ever thrusted upon anybody ever. I then proceeded to tell the teacher about what had just happened he then told me to go sit down and get back to work. My parents still don't know TL;DR went to school and forgot my pe clothes it ended up that sweat mixed with my clothes that day for no apparent reason smelled like weed the I proceeded to almost got arrested but didn't EDIT: To add pain to my story I had this posted in the r/funny subreddit for almost a day  submitted by /u/watzeez [link] [comments] 