TIFU by making my phone into a literal burner phone.
Unlike other stories on this sub this happened today, a few hours ago in fact. This story needs a little bit of context. I have a bad habit of continuing what I'm doing on my phone while cooking, and usually this involves lying my phone on the stove somewhere. It's useful when I'm using a recipe for the first time. I usually put it on the left side while I cook on the right, but tonight I decided for whatever reason that phone went on the right along with the pan. With the pan on the bottom larger burner and the phone on the top. I went to turn on the pan to fry some onions and bell peppers for fajitas, and was wondering why the pan wasn't heating up after I turned it to medium. I figured that it was taking longer because I was waiting for something to happen, so I began doing dishes to pass a bit of time. Well it turns out that I got the burner knobs mixed up, and was slowly frying my phone instead. Now if you've ever seen a Nexus 5 before, you'll know that the entire thing except for the screen and camera is plastic. So when I began smelling melting plastic, I looked up from doing dishes in horror as my phone was melting onto the burner. I immediately turned off the burner and peeled it off with an oven mitt, but the damage was done. The entire thing has basically doubled in size and there are even burn marks on the screen, when it was facing screen-up. It was at this point that I began to basically scream-cry. I had already had a long day at work, which is probably why I mixed up the burners in the first place, and needed the phone tomorrow for work calls. Without that phone I can't do part of my job. I actually had 3 calls scheduled for tomorrow that I had to cancel due to this happening. I'm typing this on an iPod touch, one that's stuck on iOS9 and refuses to do much of anything really. All I can think is what the fuck, me. Why did you have to put the phone on the stove. Photo: https://i.imgur.com/pGpAYnFr.jpg TL;DR: I made my work phone into a burner phone. Now I can't do my job.  submitted by /u/CearaLucaya [link] [comments] 