TIFU by thinking my laxatives weren't strong enough part 2: I accidentally became suicidal.
Yup, I'm back. Same dude that posted last week after taking a double dose of laxatives the day before a concert after being super constipated, and regretted it the next day. Well, first off, I'm still taking the laxatives (at the doctor's order), but they've stopped working. I have been able to shit a little bit, but not as much as I am consuming. And I don't think I was ever totally cleared out in the first place, but whatever. That's aside the point. Anyway, I started taking the laxatives last Wednesday. Up until Saturday, I was doing alright(ish) emotionally. Then, I tanked. Sunday I woke up and started crying and was basically a hot mess the entire day. I hate crying so I thought that was weird, but it was uncontrollable. Then, Monday I felt even worse. I couldn't think, I was so angry for no good reason that I was literally shaking, I almost cried during lunch and could barely eat and then did shed tears later on in the bathroom stall, and I was fighting so hard just to keep my breathing even. I felt terrible, it was like a feeling of panic that wouldn't fucking end. I almost cried on the way to school that morning (once again, for no apparent reason) and finally went down to the nurse's office where I burst into tears and spent 20 minutes just crying and shaking. I was sent home early because it was obvious I couldn't go back to class. I went home and cried on and off the rest of the day. Normally I am very composed, but I had no control. I ended up thinking "well, maybe if I just killed myself my parents wouldn't have to deal with my pathetic ass anymore" and began thinking that maybe I would be better off dead. I started thinking "I'll probably be miserable my whole life anyway, so maybe I should just do it sooner rather than later?" A bit of background: I have bipolar and was hospitalized 2 years ago after almost killing myself. After that I got on medication and stabilized and haven't had any major mental issues since. I was on an antidepressant and a mood stabilizer combination that worked great for me. However, both medications are not like SSRIS that build up in your system, they react pretty quickly. I thought "huh, I haven't felt this shitty since I was in the hospital two years ago." Then it hit me. I had just started taking a laxative, and the GI never really gave instructions for when to take it. A quick google showed that you are never supposed to take it with other medications because it may cause them to not be absorbed. I had been taking the laxative literally in the same swallow as my other meds. I wasn't absorbing them anymore! I called my psychiatrist asking if that could happen and she said yes, the laxatives can cancel out my meds. Now I still am back to being constipated and the laxative is still fucking with my mood. I haven't been to a full day of school yet this week and I almost cried again today during school. Bipolar is no joke. I don't know how I'm going to handle the GI issues and mental health issues at the same time. The one positive part of this experience is that it has made me realize that unmedicated, I would literally have been dead by now. It's wild how four days of not absorbing medication can be enough to make me think the world would be better off without me. Brains are weird. Quick note: After realizing the cause, I came to my senses and realized hurting myself wouldn't help. So I'm safe now. I may not be feeling great but I'm not in any danger. TLDR; couldn't shit, so I took laxatives to make me shit. Now I can't shit and can't handle emotions whatsoever. Please be careful taking laxatives if you take other medications so you don't accidentally end up suicidal. Edit: Hey everyone!! I really appreciate all the advice and support I'm getting. I read every comment and I've gotten a ton of good suggestions that I'm going to look into. I realized I didn't elaborate much on the context for why I'm needing laxatives. Basically, I first started having GI problems a year ago but it was just diarrhea and stomach pain at the time. I got bloodwork done and it showed I had high inflammation levels and the bloodwork tested positive for celiac disease. However, my upper endoscopy did not show the damage that you would normally see with celiac, but because it affects the small intestine in patches my GI said it was most likely celiac, and had me go gluten free. At first my stomach was as bad as ever before, but then it seemed to get better. However, suddenly in the last three weeks or so I started getting discomfort after eating, nausea, and alternating really bad diarrhea and not being able to poop for days. It was really affecting my ability to enjoy myself and my concentration at school, because at some point I started losing weight unintentionally despite eating whatever I want. (I've now lost a little over 9 lbs.) It was only after I lost all sensation of needing to pee that I headed into the GI. (I hate going to doctors so I tend to push it off as long as I can.) The GI said that there was a chance I was really constipated and the diarrhea was "overflow", which is why it was causing cramps and hard to pass because it had to go around a giant plug of poop. I had an x ray done that showed I was super clogged up at around this time last week. I was prescribed laxatives and was able to go at first, but now have only been able to pass little pellets and what looks like frothy pale liquid (mucus?) with it. I used to eat a ton of fiber but I realized it seemed to be making my stomach worse, and actually I was trying to eat a ton of fiber at the time I suddenly stopped being able to go much at all (and apparently I was already really constipated.) I realized, huh, I get so bloated I look pregnant after eating anything high in fiber and feel terrible, and it seems to make it even harder to go. The GI said I might have crohns or a similar autoimmune disorder. We don't know and I'm going to have to get more testing done. Anyway, if I have a blockage due to inflammation in my intestines eating a ton of fiber could be really bad, and I wish I hadn't tried taking fiber supplements two weeks ago. (Sigh.) So at the moment I'm trying to eat foods that are easy on my stomach. Yesterday I had a banana with breakfast and felt bad all morning. :/ It sucks because I don't know what to eat. Anyway, that's the context for the GI issues I'm having, so I'm trying to tread lightly with what I eat. I really appreciate each and every comment offering input and I am going to look more into all of your suggestions. Gotta love Reddit. :)  submitted by /u/clairevoyantz [link] [comments] 