TIFU by getting the police called on me for breaking into my own house after locking myself out
So last night i come home late at night around 1 o'clock and before i got out of my vehicle i put my keys in my pocket for some reason just before i went to reach for my backpack in the backseat. Within that time, the lanyard attached to my keys caught on my seatbelt buckle and when i went to open my door and get out they fell out of my pocket and BAM the door shut and i was locked out of not only my vehicle but my house as well... I now had only two options, number 1 was to call my roommate who was sleeping inside, or number 2 try to break in to my own house through a bedroom window. So i first tried to call my roommate but not only did i have only 5% battery life left, my roommate is a really heavy sleeper. Needless to say, many phonecalls later my phone died, so i moved onto trying to find my way into my house. My plan was to climb onto the roof of the house and work my way around to my bedroom window that was unlocked and unalarmed, so i tried to stand on the roof of my vehicle to reach the ledge of the roof but all i could reach was the flimsy gutter on the edge of the roof so i haulted that approach due to the fact that i would rip the gutter right off, so i move to the back yard and try again. Now i live in a townhouse that is one of 5 in a row, each townhouse has a small backyard with a 9ft fence separating them. So now my only way i could get onto the roof was if i pulled myself up the fence and were able to step on the tops of the posts holding the fence together, my next problem was that im not that tall, i couldn't even reach the top of the fence while standing i had to make a running leap to reach it. with many attempts i managed to climb up and stand on the top of the fence, now i had to work my way across about 10 fenceposts and it was super easy to climb onto the roof, so away i went, now that i was standing on the roof i realised there was no way to get to my bedroom window on the other side of the house but i could see my roommates window which was totally reachable, but i also realised that the whole block around me could see me on the roof clear as day because there was a street light right behind my house that lit me up like the fourth of july, it crossed my mind that someone would call the cops on me for a thief or whatever but i thought that at that time of night there wouldnt be many people outside. So now, i went to go see if i could knock/open my roomates window, only thing was that it was actually locked so my only option was to try and knock loud enough to wake her up, so about 5 minutes later of the loudest knocking i could i see a figure come to the window through the blinds and slowly peer through, she screamed and backed up but heard me saying her name and who i was, so she opened the window with utter confusion "wh-why are you on the roof? i told her what had happened and she let me in and all was good, but not even a minute later i can hear police sirens outside, and a knock on the front door. The police had quite a few questions but ended up laughing about it. The only thing that sucked is that i didnt have a spare key so i had to pay for a specialist to get into my vehicle in the morning to get my keys out. I learned a good lesson that night, make sure my keys are in my hand before i close my door... TLDR: Locked my keys in my vehicle late at night and couldnt get in my house, climbed on the roof, cops got called due to seeing me on the roof, and the rest is mystery  submitted by /u/MindWithinTheClouds [link] [comments] 