TIFU by gambling away all my money
Please don't make the same mistakes. My background: First of all I'm a 19 year old in my last year of high school, I live in Croatia in a lower class family. Both of my parents are unemployed and haven't worked in years. My mother has severe mental illnesses and my dad is a physical invalid, they are also very old (56,58). I have 2 sisters as well, all 5 of us live together on a minimal income. We also have a cat that means the world to us. 2 months before Summer my grandma bought me a bicycle with the money she saved. I rode it almost every day. When Summer came I started working in my local McDonalds so I didn't have free time to ride it as often. At the end of July at around 2am when I was coming back from work(I worked till 1am), I looked left of my apartment door into the stairwell where I would chain my bike only to see it missing. The only thing I found was my bike chain cut in half and a leftover cigarette in some ash. I was devastated. I reported it to the police a few days after and I haven't heared from them since. I saved up most of my money so I could spend it throughout the school year on clothes and food. Also every month I give my dad some money to help pay the bills. I spent some of the money on a pair of shoes, some t-shirts, a new schoolbag and stuff like that. Yesterday I had 3000kuna (470$) on my bank account, today I have 0. Here is where my nightmare begins: I have been searching for ways to earn some money online and in the end I decided to give Binary Options a try...oh boy.. I decided to use a trading broker (don't let the name fool you this is pure GAMBLING) called IQ Options. I choose it cause it has a low deposit rate of 10$ and is mobile friendly. My laptop isn't working at the moment so yesterday I deposited 30$ to my account with the help of my sisters phone. I did a couple of small 'trades' (bets) and went to bed. This morning before school I lost the money and like an idiot deposited 100$ more in a desperate attempt to win the money back. While I was in school I managed to clim up to 145$ and withdrew 100$ back to my credit card. When I got home I immediately started trading for about an hour and as a result my lunch got cold. After lots of ups and downs and an incredible winning streak (I believe this was rigged) I got to ~300$ from 45$. I was winning almost every single trade. Then I come crashing down like an avalanche. I lost everything. I was determine, if I could do it once, I could do it again. Oh man was I wrong. Like a drug addict I started depositing more and more money and loosing one deposit after another. I couldn't win a single trade, when moments earlier I was like a wizard. I strongly believe this 'Trading' is rigged like any other form of gambling if not even more so, due to the fact it's all online and virtual. I got soo stressed I ended up frantically masturbating in my bathroom and in the middle of loosing trades to relieve this enormous stress. I was shaking, my heart pounding and I felt a dult pain in my gut. I have haven't felt thia suicidal in quite some time. I emptied my entire back account, 470$ dollars lost. I still haven't told my family, I feel like my hear is gonna explode. When I start coming up with ways to explain I get the pain in my gut again and I want to escape. Every thought ends up with 'Why don't I just jump off my 5th story balcony'. I can't take this shit anymore. I haven't felt this tressed in many years. I'm gonna have to beg my grandma for money so I can buy food in school. Do you guys have any advice ?? Please stay away from any form of gambling, it can and WILL ruin your life. I TL;DR Gambled away all my saving I made this summer. Money I should be spending on clothes and food.  submitted by /u/Z1xt3r [link] [comments] 