TIFU by using a plunger
This happened today, this morning in fact. After I finished showering, I went to brush my teeth and discovered that the sink in my bathroom wasn’t draining properly. This could have been for any reason imaginable but it was more than likely something obstructing the drain that a little plunge could solve quite easily. I began by exerting downward pressure with the plunger and hear the glob-glob-glob over the water suctioning around it as well. Ok, we’re good to go. I start by trying to plunge it lightly so that the obstruction would shift a little and slide effortlessly down the drain but it wasn’t working that way. Not to be outdone, and with a plunger in hand that had plunged many other things such as toilets and shower drains with ease I simply assumed that I should plunge a bit harder. Now, what I didn’t take into account was that normally when you plunge those other pesky holes you are stood quite far away from any writhing mass that intends to rear its ugly head out of the drain in a mutated tangle of slime and grime that, in itself is disgusting, but nothing to stress about. Pressing down with more force and leaning over ever so slightly to ensure that I was exerting enough strength to draw this creature from its murky hole I gave one powerful plunge and pulled up, only to be covered in what can only be described as foul-smelling black tar that was years of build-up of bloody toothpaste spit, unwanted facial hair and whatever the fuck else had been clinging to the edges of the pipes in the depths below. It was all over the mirror, the sink, the granite, and when I shot my eyes up into the mirror in disbelief, my chest, nose, face, eyes and hair. I coughed, choked, gagged, spat and retched for a minute and then dejectedly cleaned everything up and got back in the shower. TL;DR: Never go full plunge staring into the abyss or you may unleash a writhing grime-beast from the depths of your home all over your face.  submitted by /u/mac19thecook [link] [comments] 