TIFU by giving the Hokey Pokey a hole new meaning
This actually happened a few days ago. My cousins and I were just leaving a farewell party at around midnight, but as often happens, we ended up in the ‘standing phase’ where we’ve said our goodbyes but are still chatting. My cousin decided to play a little game that he sometimes does to pass the time. He grabs the keys from his pocket and starts throwing them up and down. Simple right? Well here comes the hard part. To make the game more interesting, you have to throw the keys up, and while they’re in the air, you have to clap below them, then clap above them, and finally catch them while they’re still in the air. So this isn’t his first rodeo, and he does it with ease, to my onlooking amusement. With a grin, the keys go back in his pocket. “You never wanna wear out a good trick, right?”, he says. Well, here comes the fuckup. Being the competitive girl I am, I decide that the trick is easy, and want to give it a go. Out come the keys, and my cousin squats down to catch them in case of a drop. My first try was close, but I missed them, and they fall into his awaiting hands. The second try was a actually a success, I caught the keys! Unfortunately, for some reason they didn’t want to leave my hand when I let them go, because one of them was embedded in the flesh between my thumb and index finger! It took a second for us to realize what had just happened. I turned my hand over and we see a bump on the other side, meaning the key had made it almost all the way through! A trip to the emergency room, two doses of Morphine and one hard tug later, I’m key-free. In hindsight, we realized this is literally the dumbest shit we could have thought to do with a pointy object, but on the bright side, I’m going to enjoy being on par with David Blaine and the ice pick. My opinion on the matter: 0/10, would not recommend. Pics: https://imgur.com/a/60KUp TL;DR Cousin was playing a game where you throw keys into the air, clap below them, clap above them, and then catch them. I tried, and turned myself into a giant shish key-bab.  submitted by /u/rachypeachy [link] [comments] 