TIFU: Tinder date gone wrong
I'm a 22 year old male from Holland and due to Tinder I couldnt pee normally for a month. Like most stories here this didn't happen today but two months ago. The story starts with me texting a girl on Tinder I matched with. She was a nice brown haired girl with blue eyes, one of the more rarer combinations in my opinion, and she was absolutely gorgeous, way out of my ballpark. She was quite straight up about her intentions which came to me as a bit of shock. Because I don't know if it's just me but most of my conversations on Tinder dont snowball into sex related subjects after 3 sentences. She had just broken up with her boyfriend which cheated on her. She had never had a sexual relationship with anyone else then him. She told me she honestly just wanted to know how other men do it. This should have been the first sign things were gonna go south. Then she went on about all the things she wanted to try. Most of those things were new for me aswell. Not saying I haven't experimented at all, but my looks aren't godlike and I haven't been with anyone for long so I haven't had many opportunities to try things out. This was the second clue that could have saved me from a lot of pain. Eventually we agreed to meet after just 2 days of texting. (Error number 3) I couldn't believe this all went so easily. So from this point on I finally started to have some doubts, but horny me decided to go on. We agreed to meet at my house since her intentions were obvious. (Please never agree at someone's house or yours after date 2, thats wrong in so many ways) She pulled up in front of my house and before I knew it the doorbell rang. I opened the door and thank god she was a beautifull as the pictures made it seem. I offered her something to drink but she didn't want any. She instantly boldy replied:"Let's not waste any time, I fantasized about this all night" ..... I've never experienced this in my life before but this girl had only one goal in mind. So horny as I was I didn't complain and we went upstairs. Here's were things go horrible wrong. She takes off her clothes and soon we were both naked in bed. After maybe 15 minutes she asked me to pick her up and do it while standing. Im quite an athletic guy, not too muscular but I work out once a week and do soccer 3 times a week, so I thought I could handle it. Under normal circumstances I would have probably done this without problems. But not today, today it went horribly wrong. As soon as I picked her up I felt my calf ( lower part of your back leg) complaining. But in the heat of the moment I gave it a go anyway. When she was finally on my willy it actually went fine for 15 seconds. Then suddenly I cramped hard in my calf. Lets stop right there. For anyone that doesnt know how cramp feels. It makes you instantly stop doing what you are doing and in my case makes you reach for the part were it hurts. Now you can guess the rest. As soon as the cramp hit, I screamed and reached for my calf with my hand. But as I just explained, I was still holding someone up with my hands. (for some reason she wasnt really holding on to me that much) She fell down but I was still inside her with Mr. hard Willy. My erect Willy then bend all the way too the southpole which made me scream like a baby. So now I was laying on the ground screaming and she was crying too cuz for some reason she landed exactly on my night lamp. On top of that thing is a big needle. (which you can use to adjust the lighting I guess) It punctured her slightly, so now she was bleeding and I was still laying there with cramps and a Willy that has never known pain like this before. To make all matters worse, my roommate came home. (we live in seperate rooms but I didn't expect anyone for the next few hours, and due to her rush upstairs I forgot about the lock on the door). He marched in yelling, like the Gestapo just entered, what the fuck is going on why are you both screaming. After a few seconds he figured out something went wrong during sex and left the room quickly. Finally after a min or so the cramp stopped and eventho I was still hurting a lot downstairs I tried to focus on her. She was so embarrassed that she didn't respond in words anymore. She walked to my bathroom, messed everything up looking for a band aid, put her clothes on and left without saying a word. Fair to say I never talked to her again. TLDR: Met with a girl looking for sex on Tinder who had just broken up with her boyfriend. Wanted to do a new position during sex causing me to get cramp and let her fall on the ground. Unfortunately she was still on my willy, causing it to "break".  submitted by /u/Broken_willy [link] [comments] 