TIFU by chasing cows
So, this happened about 6 years ago when I was 14. Me and my brothers ( both older than me ) lived in a pretty rural area and so one thing that was fun to do was chase cows. You're not supposed to do it because it spooks them but we didn't really care so we chased them anyways. One evening we were chasing said cows and it was getting pretty late, probably around 10pm. We hadnt chased these particular herd of cows before and as we were chasing them they parted, literally like something out of a movie. Looked like Moses & the red sea. Anyways they parted and there stood this HUGE bull. Needless to say I almost pooped. So we did the only logical thing and decided to run in 3 directions that way at least he'd only chase one of us. I was pretty happy with this because I knew I was faster than my brothers so there's no way he'd try and chase me. Boy was I wrong. I ran towards the electric fence that was about 100m away and as I looked behind my jaw dropped, the bull had easily covered half the distance in the amount of time it took me to run for just a couple seconds. Adrenaline kicked in and as I got closer to the fence I remember thinking " Hey this fence is kinda small there's no way these cows can't get over it" but I disregarded it and kept running. The electric fence had three wires evenly spaced from the ground to the top of the post, about 1m high. My problem was I looked at the middle wire and because it was so dark I couldn't see the top one so I thought the middle wire was the highest one. As I ran I decided seeing as the fence was so low I could definitely jump over it.. Got to the fence, did one majestic leap, crashed into the top wire, one leg either side of the middle wire, gentleman vegetables being chargrilled by the wire, fell off, landed in some extremely stingy nettles, all the while the bull just standing there making weird noises. Still had to throw myself and my now extremely sensitive crown jewels over the fence. I did not partake in any more cow chasing after that. TLDR: Chased cows, didn't know there was a bull, bull chased me, misjudged a jump and got stuck in an electric fence.  submitted by /u/Mowglyyy [link] [comments] 