TIFU by accidentally letting my friend know I worked at a nudist resort
Throwaway. I am a huge geek in college. 4.0, Dean's List calculus geek. I really, badly needed a job to pay tuition first semester. I saw a listing for a desk clerk position at a resort that perfectly worked with my schedule, and found out it paid twice as much as any in the area. I got there and found it was a NUDIST resort. And that even employees had to respect the dress code... This is insane to me. I am a total geek. I never even take my shirt off with friends at the beach. Just the thought of standing there all day...just at the mercy of nature...made me blush red. I am about 5'7, a bit of a "Freshman 15" belly. A surprisingly big, ROUND bubble butt behind me that my friend Ashley always teases I'm "hiding" under my "nerdy khakis" and not exactly the biggest package in the world (Hey, it's a throwaway!). Plus I was lily-white from the neck down. The idea terrified me, but in the end...the money won out. And I actually worked a full semester as naked as a jaybird. I only told my friend Ashley out of state, who thought it was hilarious of course. But I only told her the type of resort, never told her what it was. It's even very discreet to look up on Google. Finally, one day I absentmindedly thought I was sending an email, but I texted Ashley the address. Guess who showed up giggling "hehehe are you really naked behind there?" mid-shift while I was bare-assed naked behind my front desk? At one point I was distracted by another guest, and Ashley snuck behind my counter, grabbed my piles of clothes and said "Have a nice ride home, naked boy!" and SPANKED my bare butt as hard as she could as the guest laughed. As we were closing for the night, everything was locked up. I actually had to drive home naked and blushing since the towel they let me borrow to "wear" home barely even wrapped around my butt. tl;dr friend found out I worked in the nude, made sure I went home in the same "uniform"  submitted by /u/ResortBoyJames [link] [comments] 