TIFU: Cut my nails, didn't notice I cut myself, made spicy guac
So I've been recently having a craving for guacamole, like moths and light, ants and sugar, hummus to middle-easterners, or cougars and young men. So I decide to go and buy some avocados and some other stuffs. I get home and start getting things ready, pulling out ingredients. I notice that my nails have grown a bit too long, I snatch up my clipper and head outside to my backyard. While I'm clipping my nails I don't notice I had cut a bit too deep and drew a bit of blood from several fingers. I start cutting the lemon, avocados, onions, tomatoes, and thai peppers. I start mashing the avocados in my bowl, I add the lemon, crushed black pepper, and salt. I add the finely diced onions and tomatoes, then finally toss in the Thai peppers. I notice that some seeds of the lemon had fallen in so I begin to pick them out. The Guac is looking sexy and I'm almost ready to metaphorically pound it. I start feeling a burning sensation on my fingers but I ignore it. I notice I hadn't completely mixed and crushed the guac; so I stick my hands in and begin tossing it as well as using them to squish anything I've missed. I start to realize I'm an idiot. I pull my hands out, and the tips of my fingers are stinging like Jesus' nailed hands on the cross. It finally dawns on me that the red on my fingers wasn't from the tomatoes, it's blood from cutting my nails. I try my best to ignore it while it progressively gets worse. I get my bag o' chips and appease my Divine Guac God, Guac for the Guac Gods. It tastes frickfrackingly delicious. But the tips of my fingerinos are swelling visibly, but this Guac tastes too good. Now I can't touch anything without having it hurt worse. tl;dr Cut my nails a bit too far and cut myself without noticing, stuck my fingers into my guac that has thai peppers and lemon juice. my fingers are under intense pain + swelling. Guac was delicious though, worth. edit: Put my tips in high fat ice cream. edit edit: I faintly remember some other idiot who made salsa with incredibly spicy peppers. Where can I join the club?  submitted by /u/Zaareish [link] [comments] 