TIFU by drinking before I went to bed.
Last night, among many others, was a usual night at my apartment. I just moved in with my girlfriend near the university that I am attending and recently all has been well. On most nights before bed I like cracking open a beer (A 25 oz Natty Daddy) and playing some of my favorite games. This has become routine and I have never faced any ill effects from it until last night. Last night was a normal night, once my girlfriend went to bed I took the opportunity to crack a cold one and play one of my favorite games. All was going well, I felt very relaxed and was at peace with the world. As I began drinking more I started feeling the alcohol take affect which obviously was not a bad thing. Soon enough, I was doing my routine to get ready for bed. At this point I was feeling inebriated, but still got through my before bed routine unscathed. Once I was finished brushing my teeth I promptly jumped in bed, browsed reddit for a few minutes and drifted off to sleep. All was well, or so I thought... In the morning I woke up and vaguely remembered having a dream that I got up to go pee in the middle of the night and thought nothing of it. I got up and as my feet touched the ground and felt a huge wet spot next to my desk. At first, I thought it was water that had spilled, but there was no water bottle in sight. I looked over at my desk and saw what I thought was water dripping off. I frantically turned my computer on hoping everything was okay. The computer turned on and worked fine, so did the monitor and mouse. I picked up my keyboard to check it out and liquid poored off of it. It was totally destroyed. At this point I was very pissed off. I had no idea what could of possibly spilled on my keyboard. Then it hit me; I had a dream where I peed in the middle of the night, or At least thought it was a dream. I wiped off the keyboard with a paper towel and promptly realized that this mystery liquid was none other than my piss. I now realize that I was drunk enough to sleep walk and piss on my 100 dollar keyboard without even remembering it. Luckily I didn't destroy my desktop. I hate my drunk self. TL;DR I drank a lot before I went to bed. Ended up sleep walking and pissed on my 100 dollar keyboard.  submitted by /u/ThePoonCoon [link] [comments] 