TIFU by not reading the rules and getting my post removed
/r/TIFU's subreddit rules. Take a look before posting. "I couldn't see it on mobile" is not an acceptable excuse. 1. All titles must start with "TIFU". If your submission does not start with "TIFU" it will automatically be removed. Updates to your past /r/tifu post, start off with TIFUpdate  2. All fuck-ups must be original and your own. Your fuck-up doesn't need to be from today. All fuck-ups have to be your own. Common fuck-ups may be removed. Your fuckup must be your fault. Just because something bad happened to you doesn't mean you fucked up. Your fuck-up has to be a fuck-up. If nothing bad happened, it isn't a fuck-up.   3. Posts without full context will be removed. Tell us the full story! Often, stories just need a bit of fleshing out to be acceptable.  4. Bodily discharge & sexual content posts will be removed unless it's the weekend. Overly vulgar posts will still be removed. We have a strict definition of the weekend in /r/tifu: Starts: Sat 12:00AM New Zealand time. Ends: Sun 11:59PM Hawaiian time. Here is a time-zone map Any post that is overly vulgar will be removed at the discretion of the modteam, even if it's the weekend.   5. Be civil. All comments and posts are subject to removal. Personal attacks, trolling, and bigotry will result in bans. Use your better judgement.  6. No personal info, brigading or harassing Posting, or seeking, any identifying personal information (real / fake) will result in a ban without prior warning. This includes yourself or other people, and refers to, but is not limited to, names, phone numbers, email addresses, facebook or other social media accounts.  7. All NSFW posts must be tagged. If you're not sure if it's NSFW or not, better to be safe than sorry.  8. Certain topics will always be removed (hover to see list). Posts involving obscene sexual situations, such as, but not limited to, incest, minors, and assault, will be removed. Consensual situations between two, unrelated adults are acceptable but subject to the weekend rule. Fuck-ups resulting in death will be removed. These stories are difficult to verify and are sensitive topics. If you or someone you know is suffering from depression and has suicidal thoughts, or if you know someone who has recently taken his or her own life, /r/suicidewatch is a more appropriate place for help. All intentionally illegal TIFUs will be removed. This includes (but is not limited to) heavy drug use, sexual assault/violence, fraud, and theft. If it was an accident, you're probably in the clear.   9. Moderators reserve the right to remove content or restrict users' posting privileges as necessary if it is deemed detrimental to the subreddit or to the experience of others. Posting is a privilege, not a right.  10.No advertising. Narration links will warrant immediate removal of the thread and may result in a ban. No post or comment may promote an off-site project. Money, involvement, and size have no relevance to the application of this rule. If you feel you have a possible exception, feel free to message us. Links to narrations of their posts is considered spam and may warrant removal of the post.  wiki pages: / detailed rules page / sidebar link / list of common fuck-ups / flair/NFSW filters / rules(report reasons) / FUOTW archive / our favorite subs /  submitted by /u/TIFU_mods [link] [comments] 