TIFU by leaving my computer connected to a client's conference room
This happened just a few minutes ago. I've spent the last 6 hours in a client's office with a group of external auditors ensuring everyone that our multi-million dollar project is on track and compliant with codes and standards. The front wall of the conference room has two 80" wall mounted tvs with a remote-in application on them- my client was mirroring his screen on one, I was doing the same on the other. My laptop died right as the audit was ending so i packed it away and didn't think anything of it. The auditors asked to remain in the conference room for the remainder of the day to prepare their report for the client and he agreed, so I said my goodbyes and headed back to my office. I threw my laptop on it's dock, turned it on, and went straight to facebook messenger to respond to my boyfriend's last message. Let me note, I work in construction and was the only female in the meeting, which is pretty standard for my line of work. I responded to a few things my boyfriend had said (one directly referencing sex) and went on to tell him how happy I was that these people treated me like an equal and actually listened to my responses. I went on to say how I should be an auditor since all they do is run around like policemen making sure everyone is following the rules. I said I could "tooottalllyyy" do their job along with a few other emoji-filled comments and hit send. My computer seemed to be working harder than normal based on all the racket it was making, so I went to open the task manager and see what was up. As I glanced at my taskbar, I noticed a strange icon and clicked it. It was the remote log in application saying I was still connected to the conference room. My stomach dropped and I immediately clicked disconnect. I can only hope they either didn't notice or didn't care that the woman they had just spent the day respecting was talking like a teenage girl. I'm so embarrassed! TL;DR: I broadcast a fb messenger conversation to a room of auditors talking about how I could do their job.  submitted by /u/cake_architect [link] [comments] 