tifu by getting scammed for nearly 300$ of CS:GO SKINS...
Actually (as usual) this didn’t happen today but about a year ago when CSGO gambling was still a big of a thing... so let’s Go. I was casually gambling on a common CSGO gambling site. I deposited some skins and they just wouldn’t show up in my inventory on that site... so I typed in the chat that there’s a problem with my deposit. A few minutes later a „moderator“ of that gambling site texted me that he would look into my issue... while looking into the issue the system of said site offered me a refund... so far so good usually a normal person would just accept the refund offer and go home... well that’s where the tifu part actually starts. The mod asked me to add him on skype so we could talk, I called him we talked (as much as I could express myself with my limited capabilities in English as I’m not a native English speaker), I told him that I already received my items back and that everything is fine now... then he told me that he had to exchange the items because they were compromised and gliched out (those were around $50-60 in value). For a moment I thought that this is quite weird and doesn’t sound legit at all but hey as the stupid a** that I am I thought ok let’s do it... we did the trade and after a few minutes he meant that there aren’t any items like mine in the inventory of the bots and that the only way I could recover my value of skins was to give him some of my other skins and he would change the odds of the homepage in a way that i would win a really valuable knife in the next game with a 100% certainty... sounds ridiculous right? RIGHT! But as naive as I was I agreed and went on with the trade... He seemed to actually do something as we had a longer talk. The talk actually was quite nice... ok he made fun of my broken English.. anyways he seemed quite trustworthy... somehow... Sometimes and the uncertainty in my voice (I was f*cking scared and pretty much knew that I would never see my stuff again) but hey my only option was to wait and see what happens... well any rational mind knows what happened and so it did... after about half an hour of talking one of his buddies joined the conversation and they both yelled: „SCAMMED!!“ and they hung of... As I said this happened a year ago and I now have some new skins I really but still this shouldn’t have happened... Beware of bastards and your own stupidity XD TL;DR Dumb me gave all his valuable CSGO skins to some random person on the internet after a system failure on a gambling site and lost all of them... $300 in the sink!  submitted by /u/spipsi1 [link] [comments] 