TIFU by shaving my parts and accidentally bleeding all over and getting late to work
This fuck up happened this morning. I woke up at my usual time and went to the bathroom to have my morning shower. As I am getting into the shower I have a quick glance at the mirror and realise I haven't trimmed my body hair in a while. I think to myself, maybe I should do it know, after all I didn't get up late and it only takes a couple minutes. I usually do that with a proper hair trimmer connected to the power socket, but I recently got one of those Philips One Blade that are battery power and can be used in the shower. Having never tried it on anything but facial hair, I decided to give it a try for other parts as it seemed convenient. So off I go to my nuts with the highest clip that came with it. I felt not enough hair was being trimmed on every pass, mostly because the clips are very badly designed. I thought at that point it was going to take forever to finish. I started to wonder whether I could speed up things by removing the clip and carefully shaving closer to the skin, as to remove the excess hair and making it easier to give a even finish with the clip back on. HUGE MISTAKE, I accidentally shaved too close to the skin on the left side, leaving me with a hairless spot. Now, that looked really bad and now the only solution was to shave everything off. That's where it got worse. The One Blade really sucks under water and I didn't had time to get dry as I needed to go to work. So I put as much as shaving cream in the area as I could and started shaving it. It worked but from time to time I was feeling like the hairs were being pulled by the roots. They were not! It was actually the pain of dozens of cuts being made on my nut sack. It took me 40 minutes to get rid of all the hair. When I finally got rid of it, I realised my parts were bleeding, my armpit was bleeding, everywhere was bleeding. So I'm trying to stop the bleeding with a white towel (gross) and trying to get ready at the same time. I reached to my gel deodorant and put it under my armpits. A second later it starts burning, burning, BURNING and I realised I just spreaded an alcohol-based gel all over open cuts in my armpits. I swallowed my tears and finished dressing up. At this point I was already 1 hour late to work. Boss is not impressed and I couldn't tell the truth about my lateness. As far he is concerned I'm just lazy and didn't get up on time. Armpits are still burning, nuts are still bleeding. TL;DR: Had a morning shower, decided to shave my balls and armpits with a inappropriate blade, accidentally cut myself in dozen different places, bled everywhere, got 1 hour late to work I can't justify it.  submitted by /u/difrt [link] [comments] 