TIFU by letting the air out of my classmates bike
This actually happened back in march, but today my parents got a letter saying something about going to court (they weren't very specific) So I'll just call the bike's owner Simon, so that some stuff is easier to explain. Back in march Simon sent a "gang" of 9yr olds after me for no known reason. Luckily for me I didn't get hurt by them and managed to escape their baseball bats or whatever they tried to beat me up with. Simon got pretty mad about this and started harassing me at school and on social media. He even threatened to pay someone to hurt me. We reported this to the schools headmaster, and simon faced consequences, but that didn't stop him from harassing me on the internet. I tried everything i could to make him stop without doing anything that could get me into trouble. Eventually one of my friends thought it would be a good idea to let out the air from his bike, i took this as a "revenge prank" and agreed to do it. What didn't go as planned was that one of my friends kicked the bike, a hour later when simon noticed that the tires didn't have any air he went to the headmaster to tell him that we "destroyed" his bike. There was a camera nearby and we were aware of it. If we'd have to we would get his bike fixed up again. But since one of us kicked the bike Simon told the headmaster that we are the ones responsible for the many parts of his bike which were broken months before. simon put all of the blame on me, even though i didn't kick the bike. It turned out that most of the bike was replaced with new parts which cost about 800PLN (~200€) and Simon's father wants me/my parents to pay for them, even though simon himself said that some of his bike's parts were broken. After many talks with the headmaster this eventually went to the police, and after months of silence a lady came to our house to ask me about what happened there. She eventually said that it'll turn out well for me, we told her that simon lied and we also told her about his "gang". Today after about 3 months of silence we got a letter saying that we need to go to court or something like that, I was so scared that i didn't even understand what was in that letter. I have only 1 week to think about what to tell them once i go there. Does anyone have any advice or can tell me how it'll look from my perspective? I get really stressed in these kinds of situations and i dont know if i can handle all of this. TL;DR: Guy sent a group of 9yr olds after me, i let the air out of his bike and he decided to milk money out of my parents by having them pay for his new parts even though i didn't damage the bike. Now this went to court and in 1 week I'll have to go there with my parents  submitted by /u/LemminoX [link] [comments] 