TIFU By falling off a bike and getting 5 stitches in my vagina
Today I met up with someone from Craigslist to buy a bicycle. Mine is many years old, and it was time for a new one. I drove to their house and after inspecting the tires, gears, etc., took it for a test ride. Now I'm used to my worn out bike, with the little squeak in the back wheel and pretty unresponsive breaks, the main reason I needed a new one. This bike was practically brand new, like ridden once on a show room floor for 10 seconds new. And they only wanted $50 for it. A damn good deal considering the make/model and condition. So during my test ride I'm changing gears, testing the steering, and then it was time to see how the breaks responded. I eeeeever so lightly squeezed the hand break and BAM! The bike stopes on a fucking dime, sending me forward and over the handlebars, somehow crashing crotch first onto the front wheel and then the pavement. I felt a sharp pain in my groin, but quickly regained my composure and got back on, limp-riding back to the owners front door. Luckily they didn't see me eat pavement since they had gone back inside momentarily. Other than feeling like a complete idiot for crashing, the bike was perfect. I paid the $50 once the owner returned and loaded up the bike in my car. Fast forward about an hour, I'm home and I feel very sore, but not too bad. Happy about my purchase and the prospect of frequent fall bike rides. I suddenly feel the urge to pee, so I go into the bathroom, take down and pants and HOLY FUCKING SHIT THATS A LOT OF BLOOD! I have an IUD and don't get periods anymore, so this is great cause for concern. After some investigation I see an inch plus long, extremely deep gash in my inner labia. I grab a sanitary pad, zip up and drive myself to the nearest Urgent Care. An hour later I walk out, the proud owner of 5 vaginal stitches and a $200 doctor bill. I guess I won't be riding my new bike for a while... TL;DR I fell off a bicycle, landed crotch first on the front tire and had to get 5 stitches in my vagina.  submitted by /u/bestillandwander [link] [comments] 