TIFU by not unblocking my shower drain
Obligatory this happened 2 years ago. I used to live in a flat that had one of those walk-in showers where the basin was sunk into the floor by about 3 inches or so. I lived on my own and was a bit lazy when it came to cleaning and I knew the shower drain needed unblocking but hadn't got around to it. It was getting to the point where after a shower the water was taking a while to drain completely and often still had soapy stuff left in it. What I hadn't realised was that the soapy stuff wasn't draining away and was slowly building up a slippery layer and I didn't have any kind of non-slip mat. Cue one Sunday afternoon I decide to take a shower to wake myself up, I step down into the shower and slip on the soapy residue that had been collecting in the shower for a couple of weeks (yes I know, disgusting). My foot slides full force into the side of the basin and my index toe (do people call it that? The one next to the big toe) takes the hit. I'm not exactly the daintiest of women and it hurt a bit so I shrugged it off after a few choice words and carried on as I had intended. And then came the blood. The toenail had been forced in and sliced through the skin just under the cuticle. I finished up with my shower and administered some first aid but the bleeding wouldn't stop. I got driven down to A&E who looked at it, bandaged it up and sent me on my way. By the time I got home I had bled through the dressing and it didn't look like it was going to stop. I phoned A&E and explained I had already been in but I was still bleeding so they recommend I apply pressure for 15 minutes to stop it. I tried this about 6 times before giving up and calling them back where they told me to come back in. I got driven back to A&E where I was looked at again and the nurses almost had to use a military grade dressing to stop the bleeding. Turns out because of the angle of the wound I hadn't been able to apply pressure to the correct point so I was re-bandaged with pressure in the right place and finally the bleeding stopped about 7 hours after I first slipped in the shower. By this time I was in quite severe pain and couldn't walk on that foot so I was sent away with crutches which I had to use for a week. The bandage was also too large for me to wear normal shoes and the only thing I could wear was crocs (which I only owned due to them being the most comfortable shoes for walking around Disney so don't judge me). A week after handing back the crutches I was still in pain so I went back to A&E who chose to X-ray due to it being a blunt-force trauma. Turns out I had a fracture and due to fluid building up in the joint it had forced it out of place. 2 years on and it hasn't realigned itself properly and it still gets painful in the cold. Also, the toenail fell off after about 3 months and it took almost a year to grow back. TLDR; slipped on soap residue in my shower due to a blocked drain, broke my toe which bled for 7 hours and had to visit A&E 3 times.  submitted by /u/rainbowface89 [link] [comments] 