TIFU with airport security
So, I like to think of myself as a funny guy. I'm sure the majority of the people I've met would completely disagree, but I deserve gold stars for my persistence if nothing else. Besides, haters gonna hate. And just as those haters will hate, so too will airport security take any half-arsed terrorism jokes extremely seriously. For the past few days, I've been on a lovely business trip and part of the trip involved orchestrating a photoshoot. That meant that I had all my camera equipment with me, which I'd packaged away into a travel case and checked in as hold luggage today as I prepared to catch my flight back. As I was going through the usual border checks, I had a member of airport staff who seemed like a bit of a joker. When I asked if I needed to remove my shoes before going through the scanner (as I've yet to experience any airport that consistently asks either way), the member of staff joked saying "No, you can leave them on. I already know you're a terrorist anyway". I was temporarily stunned by the joke, but, being a scrawny, nerdy white male and not really the prime candidate for any terror organisation, I returned the joke - saying "aww damn, you got me. Lucky I already checked in my hold luggage, eh?" Now, at 24 I should really know better. But I really don't. And I really shouldn't have returned the joke. This comment was overheard by airport security, who took me to the side and started asking questions and asking for my boarding pass, as well as my baggage claim receipt. They then took me into a side room. This was particularly awkward as I wasn't allowed time to put my previously removed belongings on, and I really quite needed that belt. So I had to scurry along, security in tow, while holding up my trousers to prevent adding indecent exposure to the list of offences. In this room, they asked about the exchange, where I was going, where I came from, etc. They also removed my hold luggage from the flight, believing it to contain explosives or the like. At this time, I didn't believe there to be too much danger. It was a joke that I reciprocated, so once they've assessed the luggage I should be fine, right? Well, apparently the reflectors I'd brought to the photoshoot didn't show up too well in the scanner. Apparently, the staff scanning the case believed it to be some sort of wire-based contraption. Oh boy, I thought. That damn joker member of staff really screwed me on this one. There was a lot of back and forth and explaining and, to streamline the event, I eventually explained to them that I was doing a photoshoot and that was a reflector. I showed them the camera in my carry-on luggage and also the shoot plan I had made. Eventually, they let me go... after my planned flight, and thus my colleagues, had departed. So I've had to purchase another flight pass - at my expense - and am now going through this process again. Except this time, I'm not going to joke about terrorism - though I might headbutt that scanner guy if I'm allocated to that bay again. TL;DR - airport staff made a terrorist joke at me, I returned the joke and now I've missed my flight and am out of pocket and patience  submitted by /u/tomr1993 [link] [comments] 