TIFU by not having the balls to speak up
This happened on the weekend during a night at our friend's place. We were all drinking heaps and having fun, when all of a sudden dumbass me breaks this decoration thats worth like $1500. I have absolutely no clue what to do and so I just acted like nothing happened, and I remember this drunk person seeing it and going "shitttttt what happened!? Damn wasn't me, not my problem" and we all left the room. I ended up getting real messed up and forgot all about it, maybe that was that goal? So morning rolls around and everyone getting up and shit, when someone realises the damage, and everyone that's still around at their house starts tryna fix it and solve who did it. As someone with pretty bad social anxiety, my heart sank and I again had no idea wtf to do. Pray that they think it could have been someone else or get fucking by a $1500 bill (I am a student, currently jobless and financially stressed). When I got around to speaking, my brain chose the later but my mouth/anxiety chose the former.. and now I feel terrible. There was then a manhunt for the culprit, and despite everyone being willing to chip in and help pay for this, they were adamant on finding out who it was because of the principle that I was too scared to speak up. After speaking to some of them tonight, there is a chance it's on security camera.. help me! I know I fucked up, but how do I not lose friends in this process? TL;DR broke my friends expensive decoration and said it wasn't me, now I'm fucked Edit 1: "This really buzzy glass thing that was blown in Italy by one of the best glassblowers in the world..." - thats the decoration Update 1: hey guys! Really appretiate all the assistance. I think the best option is to go to my friend whos house it was and completely explain it, and ask they keep it to themselves; as the tension between the group is way too much to warrent having everyone know it was me. Wish me luck!  submitted by /u/harri_c [link] [comments] 