TIFU by saving my child from a "tornado" and ending up on crutches
A few years ago, I was 38 weeks pregnant and was eating dinner after my last day at work before starting my maternity leave. I was having labor induced 3 days later. At 38 weeks pregnant, my pelvis had long since started to separate and I could barely walk. Anyway, my husband, almost 2 year old daughter, and I were sitting at the dining room table eating dinner. It was late May in Ohio, and a storm was rolling in. I watching it come in across the corn field that was across the street from my house. As the storm is about half way across the field, the wind whips up a bunch of corn husks and dirt and starts spinning. "Oh shit!" my paranoid, pregnant brain tells me, "it's a tornado!" I jump up, grab my 2 year old (who I was not supposed to carry due to lifting restrictions) and sprint for the stairs to the basement. Once downstairs, I sit in a corner with her, shaking. My husband comes down after us, convinces my it was just a dust devil and not a tornado, but we all decide to hunker down anyway watching the radar on his cellphone. It was tornado season and a storm was coming in, so very good chance a tornado could come. As the adrenaline starts to wear off, I realize my mistake. I can't move. My pelvis is in such pain that I can't even stand under my own weight. After about an hour in the basement, the storm has passed, and my husband had to basically carry my very large, pregnant self up the stairs. I spent the next 3 days until my induction in bed for the most part. My husband (6'5", I'm 5'7") had some old crutches that I used to get to the bathroom and back to bed, but I couldn't really go far on them since they were really tall and hurt my armpits. Labor was a treat, since I couldn't walk the halls to get things going. At least I wasn't expected to move much for the next couple weeks as I recovered. tldr: 38 week pregnant self thinks there's a tornado and sprints carrying a large 2 year old, then can't walk for the rest of pregnancy  submitted by /u/efesl [link] [comments] 