TIFU by bringing hot sauce to school.
I love hot foods, they're like a thrill ride for me. So in turn , I love hot sauce. I own this one sauce in particular, called "Satan's Blood". It's a personal favorite of mine, (or used to be a personal favorite), that I bring to school almost every other day and dare people to eat to see their reactions. It's pretty damn hot (850,000 scoville units). It was class change time, the last class of the day was about to start. I had to take a leak, so I stopped by the bathroom. I assumed my position at the last stall, and commenced. When I was done, I zipped up, and felt a HUGE wet spot. The smell of vinegar and spice filled the room. I had put the bottle in my pocket and obviously didn't screw the cap on tight enough. It had soaked all through my hoodie pocket and my shorts, and underwear. Then the pain hit. The heat of 1,000 volcano covered suns engulfed my dick and surrounding area. I immediately yelled "FUCK!", (which caused a teacher outside to say "Hey, watch your mouth"), and ran for the paper towels. I soaked them in water and ran to the nearest stall. I took my shorts and underwear up, and began furiously wiping off the sauce. It was too late, my entire private area was like a california forest fire, it was only growing and becoming more intense. I got all the sauce off of my skin, and picked my shorts and underwear to try to get the sauce out of them. The commotion had attracted a few spectators, they stood next to the sinks and would let out the occasional "Fuck I feel so sorry for that dude". While I was trying to clean off my shorts, the bell had rang and everyone in the bathroom cleared out. I was all alone in the bathroom, sitting in the floor of the stall, wiping off my shorts and underwear, my privates still ablaze. The mixture of excruciating pain and pungent smell of the sauce had caused me to become nauseous. I made the mistake of wiping my forehead. My forehead started burning, and my sweat was carrying it down to my eyes. This was officially the worst moment of my life. I started panicking and grabbing handfuls of toilet water and splashing my face. When I had gotten the face pain to go away, I was still left with my shorts and underwear. I got them about 70% clean, and put them back on. I looked in the mirror, and looked at what a mess I was. My face was blood red, my eyes bloodshot, my nose was running terribly, and it looked like I pissed myself from all the water on my shorts. With my privates STILL ablaze, I trekked my way to my class. I walked in, and everyone was shocked at my appearance. One dude busted out laughing because he though I pissed myself, which caused chain laughter. My teacher wanted to know what was wrong, and I told them my story. Thankfully I thought the story was funny too, because everyone, including my teacher busted out laughing when I got to the sauce-on-dick section. My teacher asked if I needed to go to the nurse, and being I was already embarrassed enough, I said no and toughed through the last few minutes of class. I finally got home and took the most relieving shower of my life, and now I sit here, typing this story out, a bag of ice on my dick. Today was pretty interesting. TL;DR Brought hot sauce to school, bottle opened in my pocket, got all over my clothes and privates, intense pain ensues, gets on my face and eyes, go to class, people think I pissed myself from all the water on my clothes, everyone laughs at me including teacher.  submitted by /u/SteelStringSinger [link] [comments] 