TIFU by letting a stranger in my house without getting ID or an entry notice.
Today I fucked up, by letting a stranger in my house. The extent of this is still unknown and I am hoping for some clarity from you. I was woken up by a knock on the door and was greeted by a person in a red and black polo and long pants standing In front of a white vehicle. He said he was here to change the safety switch as it was faulty. I said ok, confused by the situation as it was all unexpected. He then proceeded to ask if it was best he access the fuse box via the carport to which I said wasn't possible due to it being used for storage, and all blocked off. So he agreed and grabbed his work bag from the truck and came on in. He apologized if he had woke me and said it will only take a few minutes to which I advised was ok as I was just getting ready for work and used that excused to loiter in the carport (laundry is part of the carport). He got straight to it and was drilling away at the cover within seconds. Then he mumbled about how he was going to do this without the lights. I said it's ok if you need to kill them, then he said yer it would make it tough to see then he pulled out a torch. As he killed the mains all I could think was the computers won't be happy about this... I grabbed my clothes and left him to it. Went upstairs and proceeded to text my housemate asking why the fuck someone was here unexpected and did he know about it. In less than 5 mins the guy was leaving and power was back on he said something as he left which I assume was supposed to be my name. Now quite suspicious of everything as I was waking up I watched him drive off. The vehicle was white no business logos. I was still half asleep and have pretty bad eyesight.so I didn't see the logo on his shirt either. My real estate is notorious for fucking up and not sending entry notices we have reprimanded them for this in the past. They are also known for sending en email to only one of us or calling one of us which is why I messaged my housemate who has not replied yet. (I will see him at work). Some background, and why I am suspicious and curious. About 2 months ago the air conditioner was replaced (split system) so they may have noticed and raised said safety switch issue. About 6 weeks ago I locked myself out of the house and was waiting in the car to pick my housemate up from work when a strange guy went to the mains with coffee mug in hand (he had a key so wasn't to suspicious). I was however worried as we were overdue on the electricity bill and I had not arranged repayments yet but I had also requested a migration of suppliers which would happen on the next meter reading. That guy left and when back home later I noticed our power had been switched off and on as everything was reset. I arranged repayments and that's all good kinda ( a few days behind ) so that's about it. Want I want to know is, how the hell did this guy know my safety switch was faulty? I wasn't even aware of it. Can the electricity company detect this in anyway? Is there something he installed that will give them more control over my power (they can still get to the mains without needing access to my house). TL;DR I let a strange person in my house that drove an unmarked work vehicle without asking for ID or credentials. Who apparently proceeded to replace a faulty safety switch I didn't know I had.  submitted by /u/SPG-Noxheart [link] [comments] 