TIFU by attempting to be a pretty ice fairy
Just to clarify, this happened a year ago on April Fools Day. No joke. Some context: My mom and I were planning to spend that weekend together and we decided to start it off with iceskating. FYI, My mom didn't want to ice skate and I only continued because it was the only time she could talk to her mom on the phone ( mom lives in a country 7 hrs ahead ). Keep in mind, I have bad allergies so I keep tissues in my pocket. I also loved ice skating because the rink was super cheap and nobody was there. In this case, only around 3 other kids skating. I decide to do my normal couple laps trying to work on my speed / balance. After that, I decided to practice skating backwards and quick swapping back and forth. Here is where I realized I could be much more. I didnt have to be a speed skater, I could be a dumbass ice ballerina. I did a lap as fast as possible, and at the corner of the last turn I changed from going forward to going backwards. Big Mistake Mr. New Elsa That Can Skate. I fell with my feet facing the direction I was moving, I caught myself with my arms and my head hit the ground very lightly as if my ice powers were real and had saved me from a concussion. The bad thing is that I was going so fast that when my head hit the ground for half a second, It opened a 2.5 inch gash across the top of my right eyebrow. I got up and continued, thinking nothing happened. As blood dripped on the ice, I realized and did the skate of shame to my mom. The tissues saved a lot of blood from falling on the ice, but my mom didnt notice what happened til I walked all the way too where she was seated. We went to the emergency clinic where I got 5 or 6 stitches on my eyebrow. Weekend ruined mom, too busy being the main character for frozen 2. It looked as if you took a red sharpie marker and drew a thick horizontal line. picture of stitches , none of the actual scar, guess I was caught up in the moment. TL;DR Planned a fun weekend with mom only to be ruined by me trying to be a stunning ice skater and falling, opening a 2.5 inch gash and getting stitches.  submitted by /u/szymissick [link] [comments] 