TIFU By not knowing that setting a group chat names changes the group name for everyone.
This jut happened 15 minutes ago. It's still ongoing. I'm an idiot, as my username suggests. I didn't know that if I changed a group message name to something else, that all members of the group would see it. This morning I wake up with a text from one of my jobs saying that if I didn't get something renewed that I should rethink my position there. Just as a note about this job, I've been there for two and a half years, and it is not worth my time. They can't work around a college students schedule very well, and even in the summer you'd maybe work a few times a month. That's not just me. That is for all employees except top dogs. So I haven't even been to work there in 5 months or so. And this message really pissed me off. They called me last week asking me to get it done, and it slipped my mind. I'm in the middle of moving houses along with the start of a new semester. It's stressful, and this just piled on. So I changed the group text name to "asshats." Just something for me to see. A way to vent my frustration. I hop in the car and go to get this thing done. On my way there I start getting an immense amount of calls. I finally answer one and no one responds. This happens two times and I block the number. And then it keeps happening. I decided to ignore the calls because, I'm getting this thing done. And I feel like it's rude to call someone more than three times in a row. So I renew the badge and tell them I've got it done. I apologize for how late it was done and ask them to please stop calling me as I can't speak at the moment. The next message floored me. "How old are you again? If you don't return our call we're going to call your stepdad." (He used to work out there too, a year ago.) I was laughing at that. I tried calling my stepdad to tell him that he'd be getting a call from them soon, but to no answer. Since he's selling the house I decided to call them back. I told them I didn't appreciate being woken up by a dumb intimidation tactic and it put me and a bad mood so I renamed the group chat to that, for only myself to see. I honestly didn't know it would change it for all. Now they're going to speak to the really high up people about it, and I'll probably get fired. I guess. Oh well. I just hate how immature I made myself look. Half he people here go to church with my grandma so she'll probably hear about this. It's still pretty funny. Tl;Dr: renamed a group chat full of my bosses to "asshats" not knowing they'd see it too.  submitted by /u/iamanidiot48 [link] [comments] 