TIFU: By taking my daughters to the park
This happened two years ago. It was a nice summer day and my three daughters were starting to argue with each other, mostly out of boredom from being at the house together all day. So I decided to be a good dad and I ask them if they wanted to go to the local park. We live in a nice quiet neighbor hood and this park is about 3 blocks from our house. I told them to get ready and get their bikes, they were super excited to ride their bikes to the park. My youngest (10 yo) is always worried about being kidnapped so I tell them I would follow them with my car to make sure they were safe and I would stay at the park the entire time with them. This makes my youngest happy and the other two were just excited to go. So we head off, with me in my car slowly following behind. This is where things begin to go bad and it never crossed my mind what it would like for a 6'2" man in a car to be following three girls on bikes. The two older girls begin to ride to fast (on 10 speeds) and my youngest (on BMX bike) couldn't keep up. So I speed up a bit, role the window down, and start telling my older two to slow down. This is when I see a car behind me driving very slowly, even though they had plenty of room to pass. Still not realizing what this looks like I continue on oblivious to what the people behind me think. The older two do not slow down much and are getting mad at the youngest for being slow. So I yell at the older two and tell them to slow down or I'm taking them home, they are not happy but do slow down some. I stop and wait for my youngest to catch up to my car and by this time she is in tears, angry with her sisters for leaving her behind. Arm out the window, I wave at her and encourage her to keep going. Eventually they are all together again and almost to the park, that's when it hit me. The car going slowly behind me was still there and the driver was on her cell phone. Sure enough as soon as we got to the park and the girls were off playing on the swings, a policeman comes flying up behind me lights and sirens on. He get's out of his car and asks me what I'm doing at a playground. I tell him I'm there with my daughters and I point in there direction. The policeman asks me to call their names and have them come over. So I get out of my car and call them. The two older ones were still mad at me for making them slow down so they just decide to ignore me and my youngest is on a slide and didn't hear me. I call them again and again they do not respond. The policeman puts his hand on his gun and looks like he is about to arrest me when finally my youngest see's me talking to a policeman so she runs over to meet him too. The policeman calmed at this and I was finally able to get the older two to come over. He asked them if I was there dad and they said yes. Satisfied he leaves. I'm super embarrassed and starting to get really angry at the older two for almost getting me arrested. TL;DR Followed my daughters to the local park in my car and looked like a pervert/kidnapper. Someone called the police and I nearly got arrested because my oldest two daughters were mad at me and didn't want to answer my calls.  submitted by /u/SunDriedBabySeal [link] [comments] 