TIFU by eating macaroni and cheese
My journey began almost a year ago, when I started having a runny nose and sore throat that never seemed to go away. Being a young guy with no major health problems, I said “fuck it” and ignored it. Fast forward 8 months: I’m getting a checkup at the doctor and mention my runny nose and throat. He tells me I have allergies and prescribes me Flonase and tells me to use it twice per day. Major mistake #1: Once again, being a young guy with no major health problems, I say “fuck it” and never pick up the prescription. Fast forward one month: My sister is getting married and her wedding is on the other side of the state. This is important because I live in Washington state. The climate is massively different on the East and West sides with lots of different plants and whatnot. Long story short, after driving over the Cascade mountains and arriving at the wedding, my allergies are immediately fucked beyond belief due to the new environment. I lose my voice and my head and throat are loaded with mucus. Same story; “fuck it” and ignore it and drive back home. Major mistake #2: I drive back home, over the giant, ELEVATED mountain range. You know how your ears pop when you’re on an airplane because of the pressure change? Same concept here. My ears are popping like crazy, and it kinda hurts and my ears feel clogged up. “Hmm, that’s strange but probably fine,” I think to myself. After a 5 hour drive through the mountains, I’m finally home around 10:30 pm. My ears and throat and head are all stuffed up from the mucus and the pressure changes, but it’s not too painful; an inconvenience more than anything. “What now?” I think to myself. “…I better dig into that microwave mac n cheese I have sitting in the freezer!” Major mistake #3: I eat the mac n cheese and it tastes great. However, believe it or not, dairy can cause mucus build up, and mac n cheese seems to have quite a bit of dairy in it. Immediately, I realize what I’ve just done. I’ve effectively doubled the flow of mucus towards my right ear canal. “Fuck it, I’m sure I’ll be fine.” Fast forward 10 minutes: This is very bad. My ear is about to explode and I’m about to become hysterical in the midst of this pain. Up to this point, I had considered myself a pretty tough guy. I’d broken my arm horribly, suffered concussions, ran until I’d puked plenty of times and handled these things pretty well. The pain that is my ear being kinda clogged up is easily the worst pain of my life. It’s like a screwdriver being jammed in my ear. I am now a 23 year old man yelling and crying and slamming my apartment walls at 11 pm. Thank god my roommate isn’t here to see this. I scramble to the freezer to grab the handle of vodka and drink myself to death. No dice. Roommate took the vodka to GF’s place. I scream and rummage through the cabinets for any Advil or Tylenol. Nothing. At this point I’m getting desperate. All I can think to do is go outside and run until I can’t feel pain anymore. I’m a mile and a half into the run it and THIS SHIT ISN’T WORKING AT ALL. I’m running and sobbing and losing my mind. A car drives by and they honk at me and yell and call me a pussy. The words barely register. If I had a gun I would gladly kill myself, due to the fact that my ear is kinda clogged up. I get back to my apartment and remember my last hope for salvation: Antipsychotic Sleep Medication. As someone who suffers from life-long insomnia, I have been prescribed Seroquel, also known as prison heroin. This shit is literally a tranquilizer that can put normal people to sleep for 24 hours straight. Fortunately, I know what the safe doses are and prepare to knock myself the fuck out. Major mistake #4: I take a safe but very large dose of Seroquel. Fast forward 30 minutes: I am not asleep and I’m losing touch with reality. The pain will not allow me to sleep. By taking the sleep meds, I have severed my only chance to drive to the hospital or the store to pick up painkillers. I’m yelling for help, but no one can hear me except for my neighbors, because I’ve definitely woken them up with my crying and banging on the walls. Naturally, the only thing to do is watch a movie to distract myself, so I pull up Nacho Libre on my laptop. After 5 minutes, I am in too much pain to take in any external stimuli and I throw my laptop on the ground and start crying again. Fuck it. I’m driving to the ER. I need morphine right now, I don’t care that I can barely stand up or see straight. I stumble out into the parking lot towards my car and the earth is tilting beneath my feet. “I’m not sure this is gonna work,” I think to myself, and I immediately drop to the ground and vomit all over the pavement and black out. Fast forward to the following morning: I wake up and I’m relieved to find myself lying in my bed. My plan worked fantastically well, and my pain is much more manageable now. I’m so happy and the hearing in my right ear returns 2 weeks later. Take your allergy medication. TL;DR: Had bad allergies, ate mac n cheese, clogged my ear with mucus and fucked up my entire life  submitted by /u/rcm9312 [link] [comments] 