TIFU by breaking both my arms whilst riding a bike I'm not allowed to ride
I'm a backpacker travelling around South America on a miniscule budget, jobbing my way around. I've been working in a hotel in the Colca canyon, Peru. My boss splits his time between the hotel and his family home in Arequipa (a city 5 hours away). We have mountain bikes for hire at the hotel (STRICTLY FOR GUESTS) and I'd taken to sneaking rides on the bikes when my boss is away. Anyway, I took one of the bikes out in the morning and rode 45 minutes to the next town over. Glorious day, no problems, having a great time. On my back, I'm getting up a bit of speed (it's mostly downhill) when suddenly I hit an improvised speed bump made of rocks outside of a rural orphanage that wasn't there earlier in the morning. I go flying over the handlebars and into the road, breaking both of my arms and completely mangling the bike. 8 hours and a $1300 ambulance ride to Arequipa later, I have to ring my boss and ask him to drive the 10 hour round trip to collect my stuff from his hotel and bring it to me in hospital. I also have to explain that I destroyed one of his bikes. I am currently holed up in a hotel room in Arequipa waiting for my shitty insurance to organise a flight back to England. I can get dressed and type but, crucially, I can't wipe my arse. I was also supposed to move on to Chile for another 2.5 months tomorrow in preparation for a glorious Christmas return. Bonus detail: The only reason that I rode to the town in question was to ask out a girl in a coffee shop who turned out to have a husband anyway. TL;DR I crippled myself while disobediently riding/destroying a bicycle owned by my boss and I'd have gotten away with it too, if it weren't for those meddling kids. Edit/update: Just got back from an appointment at the hospital to redress wounds/stitching in my hands and had been having a great laugh with the receptionist while I waited to see the doctor. On my way out, I thought to myself 'you need to get back on the horse' so I asked her out. She is also married, and my mum called reception while I was in the appointment to check that I was OK.  submitted by /u/ThunderWatto [link] [comments] 