TIFU by helping someone to pay rent
A tale as old as time. I met this girl on tinder. First mistake right there. I usually just talk to people on the app because i have extreme anxiety and depression (just got out of hospital 2 months ago) so I started talking to her like I would anyone else. Here's where the troubles begin. She tells me she's looking for a friend to help her out. I am a nieve 19 year old punk and think " oooh boy! that sounds like me! I like to help people!" And tell her so. I ask what she needs done, and she says she needs to meet me and tell me in person. * HUGE RED FLAG * But I thought she really needed help, so I met her anyways. She meets me in front of a bank and tells me she needs a check cashed. Confused at why she couldn't just do that herself, I ask why I need to do it. "My mom went on vacation and the car she took had my purse in it so I don't have my ID or cards!" Alright, fair enough. But why did she need the money right now? " rent is do soon and if I don't pay it I'll be evicted!" She says with tears in her eyes. Unaware of even basic level street smarts, I oblige her and deposit this check for 700$ into my account and take out 670, 30 kept for my fuel to get to her. I'm sure most of you know where this is going. She thanked me repeatedly after she got the money and offered sex as an additional repayment. Remember when I said I am super anxious and depressed? This unwanted sexual advance didn't help. I was shaking and hyperventilating as I returned to my busted up car and heard her call "text me!" From the vehicle she used to get there. She then blocked my phone number. Today the check bounced, as I was afraid it would, and now I've lost most of what little money I had for nothing. I work 40+ hours a week, but that money was most of what I had. Now it's gone and there's nothing I can do to change that. As much as being almost completely broke sucks, and means another 5 months of work before I earn all that back, the money doesn't hurt as much as the betrayal. I just wanted to help. That's all I ever want to do, and now I have to come to terms with the fact that people will use that against me. Thanks for your time. TL;DR I met a girl online, she got me to deposits a fraudulent check, taking almost all my money. Now I have nothing and I didn't get boobs or nothin because of anxiety.  submitted by /u/mehappydude [link] [comments] 