TIFU with both company credit cards...
TIFU, actually it started last week but today is the culmination of it all. I work at a very large manufacturing company with over 3000 employees. I work in the administration and help with managing projects and also travel arrangements for our staff. We have a contract with a travel agency which is nice, but sometimes we cant use them and so I just buy the flights directly from the airline with my boss’s corporate card. Well, last Thursday we received a call from the bank informing us that the card had been cancelled because of fraud charges. Apparently there were some questionable purchases and the bank assumed fraud, so the card was cancelled and they said that they were sending a new one. My boss gave me a slap on the wrist saying that I need to be more careful with the purchases, because basically I’m the only one using his card. Not that big of a deal. Here is where the trouble is. On Friday, I received several (including from my boss) requisitions for travel arrangements, including flights and hotels that were urgent and needed to be taken care of and they couldn’t be done through the agency. But I didn’t have a card. I spoke with the finance department and they told me that they ordered me my own card to avoid any issues with my boss’s card in the future. Great! I think that I will wait for the card to come in and then take care of the flights. Well, Monday, my boss demands for his flight confirmations, I tell him that I don’t have them yet, and that I’m working with finance to get it figured out. I talk to the controller and they say that the card hasn’t come in yet. Well, poop…My boss flies in less than a week and I don’t have the flights. I consider purchasing them with my personal card and then getting a reimbursement, but he’s flying out of country and they are expensive flights. So I asked the controllers what I can do and one of them has a different corporate card with a different account number. She says that I am a person of confidence (yeah right) and so she loans me the card to purchase the flights. Thank goodness! So I start working on the flights. I get 2 of the flights purchased (it’s a multi city trip) and I still have about 5 to go when the card stops working. It won’t clear through…I retardedly think it might be an issue with the website or something, so I put if off. This morning I try again. Nothing. So I talk to the controllers again, who at this point are probably tired of listening to my voice, and it turns out that the bank thought that the card was stolen because of the increase amounts of flights being purchased randomly. So they cancelled the card and froze the account. I have a meeting in about half an hour to discuss our options because now we have no access to any sort of purchasing besides direct wire transfer which we only do for large purchases (over $5,000). Basically, in less than a week, I singlehandedly crippled the small purchasing powers of a multi billion dollar manufacturing company. I gut feels like its folding in on itself… TL;DR – In less than a week, I got both corporate accounts for my company canceled on fraud charges by accident. Now we can’t purchase anything.  submitted by /u/legimpster [link] [comments] 