TIFU By Losing My Car ... Forever
When I lived in San Francisco it costs $5 to go across the bridge. I had to drive into work each morning. I had just started a new job and honestly had $20 to last the week for food and gas. A few times I may have skipped the toll fee and just drove through @_@. Usually, the FastTrack / County will send you a bill in the mail for the first 2-3 with a reminder to either use FastTrack or pay in cash. I didn't think anything about it and figured I'd pay it later. I sort of forgot about it and my vehicle registration came due for $567 and toll fees because they charge you an evasion fee after you go through the toll twice which I didn't know about. The state took my income tax in April and was supposed to forward the balance to the DMV for the fees. Somehow that got lost and the registration information never came. I had to spend hours on hold, multiple calls, and paid like $16 for a research fee for them to search for the checks. This was after hours on hold, talking to different people etc. I paid their document check research fee and they said oh it takes up to 90 days... okay? So then I took a job in Southern California and I live in an area with really shitty parking. It's a constant battle to find a space. I've gotten a few parking tickets for parking in a red zone near the stop sign because I get home later than most of my neighbors. And by a few, I mean a fuck ton. Some I've paid, some I honestly had no money for. So apparently the area I live in if you get a few tickets and tho go unpaid for 90 days, your car get's towed. I try to go to work this morning. My car is missing. I call the city and they have it. They want me to pay them $2,600 for parking violations + all the added late fees, registration, and roughly $400 for the actual towing and storage. Essentially, I have to go to the DMV, pay them ~$600 to get my registration renewed and then I have to take that information to the city impound lot and pay another $2,000 to get my car back. I'm broke af right now, especially since rent is due. It's totally my fault, highly irresponsible, and honestly, I should have just picked up an extra job or something and paid these people what I could. TL;DR: I was irresponsible / broke with parking tickets and then the city took my car and is demanding $2,600 within 4 days or they are going to sell my car.  submitted by /u/desederium [link] [comments] 