TIFU by getting onto a skateboard for the first time in a decade.
It happened last year. I was 29. Never, until that day, had I broken a bone in my body. I was pretty proud of that; but pride comes before destruction. My wifey had arranged a surprise trip up to visit a college friend and his family. We'd studied together during my exchange year in the US, and we became great friends. We've since had kids, got jobs; you know - done life. Things didn't start off great as, on the morning we left, my oldest (2 at the time) wasn't feeling great. We thought nothing of it. Nothing of the fact that we had been hanging around with one of his mates who was pretty sick the day before. That turned into what we now affectionately refer to as The Plague. The Plague that got my other kiddo, their three kids, and one of them, violently sick. But that's another story for another time. My friend and I wanted to go to the local park and visit his nearest Pokèstop. Who wouldn't? We had a fixed gear bike and a skateboard between us - he'd left his longboard at work, and while I was really looking forward to using it, I figured we'd switch out and take turns on these other modes of transportation. It's here that I'll say that a skateboard, to me, was only ever a means of transportation. My best mate and his brother loved going down to the park or cruising through town looking for ledges and steps. Not me. I always wanted a longboard, but a skateboard did the job. A to B. Home to college, college to town, etc. as long as it was flat, I was happy. I'll also mention that using someone else's skateboard is rather like borrowing their car. Sure, you know the fundamentals - how to direct it, slow it, generally maneuver it - but it will always feel... off... Not quite your own. Not quite comfortable. Their trucks will be tighter, their bearings faster; the deck will be curved a little more, and the wheels a bit harder. So many things to fight against. We set off one the first day with no problem. I rode the bike, he held the seat. Three blocks there, three back. Easy! The second day, I rode there again. We decided that I'd ride the skateboard back and he'd cycle. Bad decision number 1. A block and a half down, we were making some pretty good speed. I was loving the feeling of pavement under my wheels again! But as we hit a new stretch of asphalt, I bumped and tensed up a little. Major speed wobble. My stomach knotted. I let go of the bike and ran the board down. No incident. ... so I got back on. Bad decision number 2. We set off again and built up some more speed. His house was just on the other side of the apex of a small hill, so as we approached, I saw that there was a little downhill stint before his driveway. We had some fair speed, so I didn't want to hit that hill - I mean, speed wobble going down that would be terrible! Again, the bike was a fixed gear, so all I needed to do was hold on until he had slowed down in his driveway, then I could dismount and we could carry on with the day. Rent a movie, get some barbecue. But no. I made bad decision number 3. I let go of the bike in order to avoid the hill. With good speed, I carved to the side of the road to stop. I ride regular, so with my left foot planted firmly over the front trucks, I slid my right foot off the back and brought it forward to drag on the road and slow me down. Cue the most intense speed wobble of my life as I tense up on one foot, board going mental, headed towards a curb. As I fall, I do what I did through high school rugby - tuck up, lead with the shoulder. My knee hits first. Tears a perfect square out of my favourite jeans. Then my side, as I acquire an odd, uniformly rectangle-shaped road rash. My upper arm and shoulder hit with a crunch, the top of my head thuds down just shy of the curb. I know something's up but there is no pain. None. I rise to my feet and I mentally assess what's just gone on. Then I move my left arm forward at the shoulder. It "shlucks" forward way too easy. And pops back unnaturally. I do it two or three times. "Mate," I said, "I think this is dislocated." I reach up with my right hand to feel a massive bump where my usually bumpless clavicle sits. "Oh, definitely broken," I almost chuckle. What followed was a cocktail of ambulance rides, staying very still, sleeping very little, and working... not so much. I saw a doctor eight days after doing this and he said that if I didn't have the frame I did, it wouldn't have surprised him if the bone had split clean through my shoulder. He scheduled me for surgery the next day. Miraculously, it hadn't broken through the membrane around the bone itself, so all three pieces of my completely demolished collar bone were as cooperative as they could be for the strip of metal that my body now hosts. My first broken bone. Go big or go home, right? I missed some work before the surgery, and a good few days afterwards. Ate through my sick leave, personal days, and then some. Cut two of my paycheques in half (and as the sole income for my family of four, that stung a little). Missed enough work to disqualify me from my bonus. All the while I needed help getting dressed, needed to be driven everywhere, and couldn't hug my wifey or my boys. I shouldn't have let go of that bike. TL;DR got on skateboard well, got off it not so well. Broke things. Missed lots of work, family time and self-dependence.  submitted by /u/InevitableSignUp [link] [comments] 