TIFU by throwing out a good portion of my roommate's personal belongings.
This happened two weeks ago, but we just discovered what happened last night. I live in a four-bedroom house and we recently had a new roommate move in. Our previous roommate was an absolute nightmare for reasons that require a whole other post to explain, but basically, when she moved out, she did not take about 75% of her stuff with her, breaking off contact with us and leaving it for us to deal with. After two months of just hoarding her stuff in our basement without any contact from her, we got our landlord to declare it abandoned and got the go-ahead to get rid of all her junk. Over the course of a month, we slowly got rid of it all on craigslist and by just throwing it out. Finally, two weeks ago, we had all of her remaining stuff confined to our laundry room in the basement, and I told my roommates I would get rid of the last of it on a Saturday. Now, the new roommate who moved in has the smallest room in the house and wanted to keep some of her personal belongings downstairs in the basement. She had a friend bring over a few boxes full of her stuff and leave it upstairs in our living room, which I was careful not to touch when getting rid of all the stuff our old roommate left us with. What I didn't know is that the new roommate had moved three of those boxes down to the basement already, and put it with all of the old roommate's stuff in the laundry room thinking that space is just a regular storage room. So, when I went to go clear out the laundry room two weeks ago, I inadvertently threw out her stuff, thinking it belonged to our old roommate. I had moved the rest of her stuff down to a spot in the basement the same day after I made room, and told her I did so. But just last night, she was looking through her boxes and noticed that a few were missing. The boxes that were missing included a lot of her childhood memorabilia, all of her winter clothes, and a couple of really important family antiques. She asked me where the boxes were and said she had left them in the laundry room. We quickly put two and two together and realized that I had thrown them out along with all of our old roommate's stuff two weeks ago. I could tell she was devastated. She repeatedly told me not to blame myself and that it wasn't my fault, but I could tell behind her words how upset she was. It wasn't just that I had thrown out her stuff, it was that the stuff that I threw out contained some really important things to her. She wants to talk tonight about the whole ordeal and I am dealing with a lot of guilt and depressions right now. I thought writing it all down would maybe help clear my mind to figure out what to do next. I certainly will offer to replace what I can, though it seems like the majority of the stuff is just simply unreplaceable. TL;DR I threw out a bunch of my new roommate's stuff while cleaning out the basement, thinking it belonged to my shitty old roommate who abandoned most of her belongings in my house two months prior.  submitted by /u/Hghwytohell [link] [comments] 