TIFU by accidentally giving my 12 year old son a drink contaminated with a large quantity of wet dog poo
Each day, roughly an hour before my son gets out of school, I walk our one year dog to a nearby park. On the way I stop off at a local petrol station and buy a cappacino and a pastry. For the last 3 weeks our dog has had very loose stools, we believe this is due to a plum tree in our garden. I think he goes out and eats the rotten fruit that falls to the ground when no one's looking. Today, he stopped on the way to the park and did his business. It was semi-wet but I still managed to scoop most of it up in a poo bag (I take pride in being a responsible dog owner) I continued my walk, discarded the bag in the bin outside the garage, grabbed my coffee and bun and headed to the park. Towards the end of the walk, he perched himself half over a small bush of stinging nettles and took a second dumb, this one had the consistency of porridge. I reached into my pocket for another poo bag, but came up empty handed. There wasn't a huge quantity, probably no more that a few teaspoons worth. I considered leaving it. Before moving on, I took a quick look around and caught the eye of a groundsman in the distance, he was probably too far away to have seen but I instantly became paranoid that he was about to judge me. I still had the empty coffee cup in my hand which had the brown paper bag (that my pastry was served In) stuffed inside. My idea was to retrieve the bag and use it. I took the plastic lid off the cup and looked inside. The bag was covered in the left over froth from the cappacino. So instead I carefully positioned the cup and lid either side of the nettle leaf that had the majority of the mess on, and captured it inside. I was pretty pleased with myself and continued my walk with the intention of disposing the cup in the bin just outside the park. A few moments later I heard my son call out to our dog, he walks through the park on the way home and often bumps into us. He was greeted with affection (by the dog, not by me) he's in my bad books at the moment for being obsessed with his PS4. We continued together for a further few minutes and soon came to the end of the field. It was time to put the dogs leash onas there 's a busy high road just outside of the park entrance. At this point I often hand my son the empty cup while I grab the dogs collar and reattach his leash. I did the same today, out of habit and he took without a word spoken. My son doesn't drink coffee, he never has, but for some unknown reason he choose today to give it a taste..... I'd already bent down at this point to clip the leash on, so had no idea of his intentions until I heard the noise. I looked up and there he was with a screwed up face and a caramel coloured smear of coffee froth tainted with dog shit on his lips. I lurched towards him and did my best to get what remained off. He couldn't understand my panic, at this point I think he assumed that coffee tasted worse than he'd originally thought. The dog was leaping up like a lunatic thinking I was trying to attack him, it was total mayhem. After I explained what had happened he was totally disgusted, he pouted and dribbled his way back to the garage to rinse his mouth. I'm still deciding whether or not to fess up to my wife. In the meantime my son's delighted that his week long PS4 ban has ended 4 days early. The kid is so obessed with that damn console he'd have probably willingly tasted the dog shit coffee to get his controller back. TL;DR , I collected wet dog shit in an emty cappacino cup and handed it to my son who then took a sip of it.  submitted by /u/idigholes [link] [comments] 