TIFU by making half my school wait on hot, crowded buses for over 3 hours
TL;DR at bottom. So, this happened when I was in middle school. Our school had a ski club, where we would take buses out to our local ski resort and do some downhill skiing. This was by far the most favorite activity in the winter, and about half the school would go to each event. We would always look foward to Friday as the day we would be able to go to ski club with our friends. Every time I went, I ensured I got the most bang for my buck. That meant riding the slopes from when we got there at 6 to when we left at 9. I was pretty fast at changing out of my rental boots, so I waited until the last minute to go and get off the slopes. However, when I arrived at my locker, I couldn't find my key. I had already turned in my shoes, so I was stuck until I could get it unlocked. I asked the front desk to help me unlock it, so they went in the back to get their spare key. By this time, one of the chaperones had already come back to assist me. However, per school policy, they couldn't let any of the buses leave without me. When the person from the front desk finally came back, it had already been an hour and a half since the buses were suppose to leave. Instead of opening my locker, the employee regretfully informed us that the only key they owned had gone home with the manager for the night. The manager's house happened to be 30 minutes away. After trying to call him for another half an hour, they gave up and decided to drive over to his house. An hour later, a bearded man in his pajamas walked over, opened the locker, and walked out. By the time the buses finally left, it had been three hours. We still had an hour drive home. When we got back to the school, it was almost 1am. The principal and vice principal were both waiting outside. All of the chaperones were called over, and a heated argument ensued. The final decision was that one of my teachers was to be put on probation, and that ski club was cancelled for the rest of the season for a review of if it was considered a beneficial club for the school. When next friday came, the only person the school had to blame was me. The next day, I felt something in my pocket. I reached in and pulled out an orange locker key. TL;DR: I made half my school wait on hot, cramped buses for over 3 hours because I lost the key to my locker at a ski resort, ended up finding it in my pocket the next day. Got the school to cancel the club for the rest of the season and almost got one of my teachers fired.  submitted by /u/MrYoshicom [link] [comments] 