TIFU..Installed a doggie door with skunks in the neighborhood
So...we moved 5 years ago to a new house. My poor doggie isn't house broken and I'm a bit lazy so I installed a doggie door. Great door, does the job perfectly! Mission accomplished. Last night Gibbs was out patrolling the back yard, checking the fence and looking for rats under the deck. He's cool that way. He's not a big dog (20 lbs of pure fury) but he's all heart. He LIVES for rats and mice, tennis balls are a nice second... well actually and addiction but that's another story. Apparently, Gibbs found more than rats! I didn't see it but from what I can tell he saw some hot looking little black rat with a really beautiful white stripe. Really attention getting! I'm sure he thought that he'd just stroll over, say HI to the new neighbor and give her a nice little welcome sniff. I think the skunk had other ideas. Direct hit at close range in the face! Now Gibbs is also a giving dog. At this point I'm thinking that he's thinking that he's got himself quite a nice little gift for the folks. I'm on the couch at 10:30 at night (Mondays are looooong) just starting to enjoy a little chocolate fat bomb (another story) when I hear the familiar flip of the doggie door. Next thing I see is a little brown Usain Bolt of a dog blur screaming past me at about 100 mph with his snout frimly pressed to the carpet. He was SO EXCITED to share that lovely little scent. How that dog ran that fast in that position I'll never know. Before I could get up that dog had spread his little slice of heaven all over the first floor carpet, my bed, the couch and God knows what else. Yeah, I said 10:30 at night. Ugg... If you've never smelled skunk scent concentrated and up close it has this ultra strong sledgehammer like quality to it. This stuff could stop ISIS in their tracks! Anthrax? Nukes? Naaa, throw some skunks at them! This is a weapon of olfactory destruction. Honestly, it's a thousand times worse when concentrated. Weird thing is, it doesn't smell like skunk. It's only after it gets spread thin over all your carpet, bed, clothes and personal belonging and soaks in does it really start beautifying the place. That smell you smell on the road? Just a smidgen, a trifling. Yeah, unfortunately all good thing must come to an end. We cleaned and cleaned and cleaned today. Some nice people from a disaster relief outfit came over and helped. I guess they miss the smell and just wanted to get a whiff! Sigh....My dog must really love us to share! TLDR; Put doggie door in, dog found skunk, dog shared what he found all over the house.  submitted by /u/flycast [link] [comments] 