TIFU by trying to help someone on the London Underground....
So after talking about how my brother found a way to give me a penile fracture I didn't really think I would end up making another post here. Turns out I had another fuck up in my life today. Every day I take the tube and apart from the occasional drunk man or minor argument nothing notably bad happens too often. However, today just had to be different.... I took my usual train after school and made my way home ready to browse reddit and procrastinate doing my homework. But a few stations before my stop 3 guys around my age got on the tube. Instantly you could see they were the types of teenagers who thought they were all tough even though they were no taller than 5ft7 and pretty scrawny. Anyway, at least once a week I see the same kid on the tube but never do much more than give him a nod and a smile. He seems like a quite a shy guy burying himself in his nokia brick (http://imgur.com/gallery/lUKzPKH) and probably playing snakes his whole journey. But back to these 3 guys. After a few minutes their rowdiness seemed to start annoying everyone else and most people were shooting them a few dirty looks. I really had no reason to do anything.... that is until one of them decides it would be really funny to knock the shy boy's (we can refer to him as SB from now on) phone out of his hand and say "Let's see if this really is unbreakable" SB looks at the 3 bastards laughing at him with a look of both shock and helplessness. Having an autistic cousin who regularly gets bullied I'm pretty sensitive about this stuff so I decide to say something (you'll need to know that for my age I'm pretty tall at 6ft but in this case i'm slouching pretty bad in the tube seat so probably wouldn't have looked like it) All 3 guys from now on will be referred to as bastard aka B1, B2 and B3. Me: Woah, why don't you give him back his phone and get lost. No reason to be dicks to this guy. B1: Shut up lil man. This ain't got shit to do with you so just stay the fuck out of it. B2 and B3 just continue laughing even harder... At this point I'm completely pissed so I get out of my seat and the 3 idiots are looking up at me with stupid smirks smeared on their faces. Me: I'm sorry, who you calling lil man, lil man (cringey I know) B2: What. You think your funny or something. Fuck off before we start with you. B2 now decides to push me and at this point I can't take the shit anymore. I push B2 and he falls to the ground - I think to myself ok 1 down, 2 to go. What I don't know about those 2 though is that one of them has the punch of Floyd Mayweather.... B3 who had been relatively quiet throughout lands the biggest punch on me sending me flying against the pole then onto the floor. They all run away as the tube doors conveniently open before B2 lands a final kick on me as I'm down on the ground. Long story short SB got his phone back. I on the otherhand now have a swollen lip, a black eye and a bruise on my shoulder (from hitting the pole as I fell) and the side of my torso. So all in all I have to say never try to be a hero when you're outnumbered. Or you'll end up lying in bed having to read reddit memes to distract you from the pain to both your pride on your body in general. At least I can say I saved that boy's phone? TL;DR: Saw 3 guys bullying a boy on the tube. Got involved, confrontation ended up becoming physical. I end up with a black eye, swollen lip and quite a few bruises... Don't be a hero kids Edit: I just woke up guys and Oh. My. God. I have to start by saying thank you so much to u/moscow-mule for the gold. UNBELIEVEABLE. Also thanks to all of you guys for the really amazing replies. It may not seem like it but I have read all of them and plan on replying when I can. You've all really made the black eye and swollen lip worth it. And who knows. Maybe SB will see this :) Edit 2: OK. OK. 11.5k upvotes AND 3 golds!!! I have to say thank you so much to u/Actualprey and/u/misboundconcubine who has officially dubbed me "that guy" haha. But thank you so much to everyone for the kind words. As for reporting the incident to the police, I really don't think I want to go through the entire hassle of having to make a statement to the police and possibly even be at fault myself for pushing them back. They could very easily claim self defence if the police actually caught them. Still thank you for all the information left in comments and PMs - I'm sure these will help others and possibly me in the future :)  submitted by /u/Fahudee [link] [comments] 