TIFU: I embarrassed myself because I don't understand technology
I bought another Amazon Echo Dot. I love it. I have one at work, and one in my bedroom. Alexa tells me what time it is in the morning, sets alarms for me, tells me what the weather is (all while I'm still drooling on my pillow), and then she plays my favorite radio station while I get ready for work. My boyfriend got me a Bose Bluetooth speaker for my last birthday, so I have Alexa play the music on the speaker and I fill my house with music/joy. When I'm ready to leave, I tell Alexa to stop, grab my keys, and leave. When Alexa stops, she stops. No music. All is right with the world. When I come home each night, the music is back on. Every Single Day. That's odd, right? That's about all the thought I give it, but something else occurred to me. I've been told the ghost of the original owner of my home hangs around from time to time. I imagine her as a very lovely, cake baking, grandmotherly type, and don't really think about it. But when the Dot played music unexpectedly, I started to wonder if Mrs. Jakeway just likes the music. Maybe this new technology is easily manipulate-able by spirit energies? I already know I never, ever, EVER want to see a ghost, so it's easier to just ignore this little suspicion.... even though this little issue never happens with my Work Dot. This past Sunday, I went to dinner with my bestie. We like to talk about our love of spooky things, and while she was telling me her spooky stories, I thought... maybe I have a story to share? I told her about the Dot, and she thought maybe it was my dad. He had an ornery sense of humor like me, and would have seriously gotten a kick out that. We had a giggle, remembering our ornery (wonderful, and sorely missed) fathers, and that was that. When I got home, the Dot was playing again. I left it on and took my Bose out on the deck where I planted some flowers and just had a relaxing, lovely evening. When I was done, I brought everything in, turned it off (Alexa, stop), and watched a couple episodes of The Dead Files. I love watching ghost stories. Sometimes they freak me out (which I also love for some morbid reason). Neither episode disappointed, and after watching both, I was ready to sleep with the lights on. I turned off the TV, and froze. What was that sound? Was I hearing....music? O.M.G. The Dot was playing again. I about peed my pants. I shrank into my living room couch, terrified to move, and wracked my brain. Dad wouldn't try to SCARE me. Mrs. Jakeway, if she's real (because I can't fully commit to believing in this stuff), is a cake baking granny, she'd NEVER do something intentionally frightening ....so ... WTF? I had just watched 2 full episodes of The Dead Files, complete with shadow people and possible demonic activity. Did I just open a portal to flipping HELL?!?!? I imagined creepy crawly things slinking up the walls and ceiling in my hallway, and did I mention I really had to pee? Guess where the bathroom is? At the end of that hall. It's not a very big house, and the music just kept playing, fueling the portal and pumping my tiny home with unseen horrors upon horrors. I texted my friend. "OMG. You're not going to believe what just came on by itself. I am literally going to throw up." I assumed she'd be right there with me, maybe even hop in the car with a vat of holy water and a spray bottle, but instead she said, "Maybe it's something with the Dot. Did you Google it?" GOOGLE IT?!?! WHO HAS TIME TO GOOGLE WHEN THE GRIM REAPER IS STRETCHING HIS BONY CLAW TOWARDS YOUR THROAT?!?! But I desperately had to pee, and wouldn't get off that couch, as if just sitting there in silent, abject terror would prevent Unspeakable Evil from realizing I was home. In other words, I wasn't doing anything else productive ... so I Googled it. Did you know that a Bluetooth speaker keeps reaching out for connection when you turn your Dot off? Did you know that after a period of time, that speaker just gives up and turns off? Apparently, the Dot is insecure, and just needs to know the speaker is there, looking for her, even after Alexa has turned the music off. When the speaker gives up, the Dot doesn't know what to do, so she goes back to doing the last thing she was doing when she was connected to her speaker... in my case, playing the radio. My Work Dot isn't connected to a speaker, so we don't have those issues there. Then it hit me... the hilarity of my shame. I had told another living person that I crazily thought my Echo Dot was channeling the Hounds of Hell. I went looking for backup to banish the demons back to Hell, hopefully before my kidneys just gave up and I peed all over myself, but was only a couple of bladder twinges away from covering my head and screaming "THE POWER OF CHRIST COMPELS YOU" as I ran down the hall... all because my little Dot was missing her Bose. On the bright side, though - I'm not afraid of my hallway anymore, so... there's that. TL;DR I didn't understand technology and scared the snot out of myself assuming my house was haunted because my Echo Dot kept playing music "randomly."  submitted by /u/kimmi2ue [link] [comments] 