My Experience with Markdown and Why I Love it
Hi /r/web_design, I would like to say that markdown is, in my opinion, the best markup and computer language that I have ever encountered. The syntax is easy to learn, easy to read, and can easily be converted to HTML if a user chooses so. I first encountered markdown in my sophomore year in college in my front-end web development course. The only markdown files I faced were automatically generated README.md files made by Cloud9 IDE. I didn't really cared for the language at the time but I was looking for a open standards digital note-taking system that would replace paper notes and the proprietary OneNote notebook format. Then came my junior year in college (February of 2017); as part of an assignment for my Back-end web development (with Java Server Pages with Servlets), I had to create a README file in markdown format. Because of this, I had to learn the markdown language. My goodness, when I tried out markdown for the first time, it was the most intimate feeling I had with technology since playing Minecraft in 2012. "Where has this thing been all of my life?" - Random yet relevant quote  The abstraction layers that once divided my precious text and notes from me were now gone. I can now read my quasi-formatted text in a plain text editor without any fear of vendor lock-in. Writing text in markdown is such a liberating feeling. Writing in markdown is so enjoyable that I would want to teach my mom or a girlfriend (if I have one) how to write in markdown. Seriously, I think grade school students should learn how to write in markdown. It is an essential tool in a world that is gradually transitioning from paper to digital forms of information storage. There is no company locking into the format and unlike PDF, you can easily modify markdown documents with ease. I see so much potential in markdown and it is sad that mostly tech nerds, computer scientists, and programmers know markdown. It would be a great feeling to see markdown taught in grade schools. I am just sharing my love for the wonderful markdown. Also, the fact that Reddit uses markdown instead of BBCode for syntax in comments is a plus. It is (in my opinion) the most underrated markup language out there.  submitted by /u/Questyman [link] [comments] 