What tool should I use for this mini app/website?
Hi all, I'm a development noob trying to create a mini app for my SO for our anniversary. I am using the term app very loosely, it's actually more like a website with no complicated functionality, and I'm only catering for mobile dimensions considering I would want to show him on mobile/tablet and that's it. What it does Essentially, it's a simple site that highlights the things that we have done throughout the years. There will be a browse page for categories for activities (e.g. family, sports, travel, etc.). When he clicks a category, the first activity shows, and he will be able to swipe to the next activity without having to go back to the 'browse' page. My background I'm actually a designer so I'm trying to pick the path of least resistance or perhaps, the path of easy execution. I know HTML, CSS, do a bit of JS/jquery for demonstrating interactions/animations for developers. I once did a mini website with similar level of difficulty as this project in badly-written PHP and MySQL. The plan so far Although this entire site can be static and just pulling info from a json file, I'm actually going to hook this up to a database so I can keep adding things later on with just a form. I also think SO will appreciate the extra effort ;) I have decided on using MySQL & node.js for the back-end. My issue lies in the front-end. What is the best way for me to do the navigation (swiping back and forth between activities) and data loading? Ideally, I would want to not have to load all data at once. Maybe only the info/images for the activity (n) and one after (n+1), and keep doing that continuously as he swipes along. I don't know what the technical term is for this, but sorta like lazy loading? The only way I can think of for this is carousel but I'm a designer and I've grown to hate carousels, and as far as I know, carousels usually load all the data at once. Any suggestions on what I can do? Any mini framework/plugin that can do this smoothly without a huge learning curve? Also I apologize if this is not the right place to post and would appreciate it if someone would direct me to a better subreddit.  submitted by /u/not_gabriella [link] [comments] 