I feel like I'm in over my head
Backstory: I learned php, mysql, html, javascript, css in order to make a business app for my own business. Iteration 1 - Every "view" was essentially its own application. There was no ajax. It was just a php script with a search form and results in a table. If you changed the search paramaters, it refereshed the entire page. Data entry using basic php forms. CSS included in a file. "functions.php" included in a file. The sql queries are hand written out in each script. I had probably 150 different scripts, and I am still using this app, because it WORKS. If I decided to change something, yes, I had to copy/paste it 150 times. And that was laborious. The next logical progression probably would have been to make some kind of "grid" class where I could have said "grid->data = $mySqlResults; $grid->render();" or something along those lines so that I could start to update code in one place. I had already updated it to have a header and footer so that I could start making those changes. Instead, I decided I wanted to go full-blown modern JS with an API backend. I didn't want to spend time iterating. I figured out what the end game of those iterations would be, and just went for it. Just so that pages wouldn't refresh. I re-wrote my php to just be an api. I made a mvvm setup so that I could make a new grid page by just changing a few lines of code in a new viewmodel. The viemodel also informs the forms as well as the searches and I even got it to do graphs as well, all from one viewmodel. The models work to inform uploaders, validators, all that fun stuff. All from base classes so that I can, for instance, clean data before it is uploaded to the db. SQL queries are automatically generated from code. I tried writing all of the JS out but realized I was essentially re-inventing the wheel of a modern framework so I just chose one instead. I put everything on github (private repos only). I wrote all of my own components. I got a digital ocean droplet instead of a shared server. I'm using SSH and git pull instead of FTP. I felt like I was finally leaving 1990 behind. The initial (non JS) version took me about 6 months to get up and running, and that's coming from no experience whatsoever. I've spent a year now on these modern upgrades and feel like I'm still at square one. Yes, now all of the code is "in one place" but I have even bigger problems. The problem I have now is that every time I fix something, something else breaks. I just go in circles and never make progress. I've fixed the same crap over and over again. Furthermore, between different OS's and different versions of PHP, the same project when I push/pull on github, breaks. I spend way too much time fixing stuff that shouldn't even be broken. Right now I'm working on my autoloader for like the 10th time because it broke between versions of PHP and I've about had it. A GET request is failing because it's looking for a file that doesn't exist in a path that's missing. If I search my entire project directory that filename isn't even written anywhere. It's somehow being generated. But where? In my router? Autoloader? Controller? The ajax request? The JS library responsbile for the AJAX? I don't even know how to find the bug because the app is split into literally 30 different files just to load one page. This is all while trying to run a business. I'm working like 90 hours a week for two years and feel like I'm going in reverse. How do I get out of this hell hole? Does it ever end?   submitted by /u/stilloriginal [link] [comments] 