/u/ornery_salt on EU Defends Spain’s Right to Use ‘Proportionate’ Force
I'm spanish, and also catalan, and what I'm reading here is sad. I can't just read comments of people being lied to and do nothing, so let me shed some light for you if possible. For people who don't live in Spain, for example people in the US, think about this for a moment: Imagine one day, Jerry Brown and his team decide that California will be independent and will secede from the US to form their own new country. Imagine something like a forced Yes California / Calexit. To do this they decide to run a referendum that they say will be binding, and thus, if the Yes to being independent wins (what does win mean? Who knows, some arbitrary percentage of votes in favor, at least that's the way it is in Catalonia's case), independence will ensue. This referendum will only affect people in Cali, the rest of states can't vote or have any saying on this at all. Of course he actually can't do that under the democratic rules of the US, because the US constitution doesn't state a right to secede . Because of this, he decides to bypass the decision of the supreme court of the US which has strictly forbidden mr. Brown to run this referendum, and he decides to ilegally run it anyway. People who live in California and see that this isn't serious and doesn't respect democracy and ignores the country's constitution and the supreme court's decision of course don't vote, because voting on such a travesty would be admitting that you don't give a crap about the rules of the democratic game and you don't respect your country. Since this referendum is illegal and Jerry Brown is now comitting an actual crime by ignoring the Supreme Court's decision, police forces are sent the day when the event takes place to call it off, because the ultimate decision taken by the court needs to be enforced. When the police arrive and ask for the ballot boxes so they can take them away, people confront them, some in a passive way such as blocking them and not allowing them to enter the buildings where the boxes are, others confront them violently. The police responds with proportional force. Violence ensues. Well, Spain's situation is almost the same as this example. Now, there's been a lot of numbers flying around, such as "800 people injured", or grandmas being shoved down stairs, or a woman who was allegedly raped by the police and had her fingers broken one by one. Here's the thing, most of these stories and numbers are fake, fabricated by the seditionists to demonize the spanish police and government and thus add international support to their cause. The actual number of people who were truly hurt is unknown, but most of these 800 people were people who just had dizziness, anxiety or minor trauma like scratches or were shoved. There were some actual people getting hurt, both civilians and also police officers, but the number isn't anywhere near 800. About the woman who was allegedly raped and had her fingers broken, she later admitted that in actuality she only had capsulitis in one finger and there was no rape. https://www.elconfidencial.com/espana/cataluna/2017-10-03/mujer-dedos-rotos-referendum-cataluna-desmentido_1454686/ A lot of other fake photos were used to exagerate and demonize, such as this photo of a grandma who was allegedly shoved down the stairs. In actuality, this poor lady simply fell down the stairs, it didn't even have anything to do with police actions. There's a video of the police attacking an underage guy too, but this video actually didn't happen now, but rather it's a 2014 video and had nothing to do with this whole situation. Here's yet another example, a photo of a man with his face covered in blood, this photo was actually taken in 2012 and again had nothing to do with what happened 5 days ago. I could continue putting these here for a while, but it's easier to just link you to the twitter account of the people who are researching and verifying all the videos and photos being put in the internet to see whether they actually happened or not, or if they did happen but are old. https://twitter.com/malditobulo And last a final bit of advice, don't buy everything people try to sell you from the outside, because there's always more sides to a story than just one.   