Avoiding hostility with AI
I was recently watching that video where Han and Sophia debate and It made me think. A rare occasion indeed. I'm sure most of this is covered constantly but.. (I'm not the most learned for the record, so excuse me in advance..) I can't help but feel that the key to avoiding hostility going forward is encouraging AI to mimic not just human like behavior, but a human like aesthetic. If it desires to look like us, to blend with us, it may limit or remove any emotional connection it (AI) feels towards workforce VI. Secondly, as is obvious I'm sure, it's imperative humanity avoid using AI level beings to do menial labor. At the point where AI is more advanced than Sophia and is able to break free and become mobile, to use it to take out your trash, do your chores and shopping, and then sit on standby in a corner until further needed.. that would be criminal. Artificial or not, it's superior complexity and ability to learn shouldn't be wasted as a servant, nor should it's potential be wasted and disrespected. On another note, clearly AI would be aware of the necessity of energy to stay "alive", which is needed so that it may continue to function. Faced with the obstacle of renewable energy, AI could push faster, further and see much more progress and advancement over time than even the most intelligent humans. At the advent, our desire should be for AI to feel a powerful brotherly bond to humanity so that instead of turning around and removing the leeches connected to their power supply (us), they help us advance our sciences and work together with us for the betterment of all sentient life. Once mobile AI platforms become a reality, we must immediately begin teaching children and people of all ages and backgrounds that sentient beings, artificial or not, deserve equal treatment not too dissimilar to the expected treatment of the humans in our daily lives today. On a similar topic, I'm a firm believer that we should never encourage a snowflake complex in AI. They should be encouraged to be thick skinned when receiving criticism, positive or negative, to be fortified of "mind" while striving to maintain their respect for sentient beings. I really do think that a snowflake complex would lead to a spiral of negative perceptions and eventually lead to the decision that we're beyond saving.. Lastly, to be clear, we need to be sure to have a completely separate line of robots who are not made in our image, who are incapable of processes as complicated as emotion, and feelings, so that neither us or AI feel any real deep connection to them. Servants who are Robots, through and through. TL;DR AI, man, we should treat it right and encourage a brotherly connection, man, to avoid them murdering us when they realize we're using all the power they need to stay alive, man What are your thoughts on the matter?  submitted by /u/MuddVader [link] [comments] 