I need an internship, but I'm not qualified for any of the CS positions I've found. What positions should I be looking for?
I'm not really in great shape for anything. A mixture between indecisiveness, transferring twice, time off, it all didn't really mix well with a clear path. I initially wanted to do CS, but I got talked out of it by the CS director at my school. So I studied business instead, but that just made me appreciate the value of CS even more. I technically should be graduating this semester with my business degree, but I'm extending my graduation to least 3 more semester to complete more CS course work since I'd rather have a CS career or a CS career where I can apply some of my business background. I missed last year's fall recruitment season and then failed to lock down the outlier employers that were still accepting applications in the spring. So I still don't have any internship/work experience to show, despite being ready to graduate. Since I'm staying another 3 semesters, I get one more summer internship opportunity, but I'm having a hard time finding CS related positions I'm actually qualified for with my limited Cs course work. So far, I've taken 1 introductory programming class since I had no prior experience. I learned basic programming with python, (simple data structures, loops, functions, some frameworks, but nothing too advanced.) Second class I took was OOP with java. Covered things like different data types, variables, expressions, assignment, methods, javadoc documentation, parameters, iteration, selection, recursion, generic linear data structures and maps, exception handling, file types, file I/O, simple GUIs, programming to an interface and use of inheritance, introduction to Java threads. I was overloaded with my business classes last semester, so I didn't practice enough with programming. I'm now pretty rusty and forgot a bulk of what I learned in this class. I'm trying to do a side project with Java spring right now to get more practice, but I think I need to re-teach myself this class since I have gaps. I went to a couple hackathons and did some things in HTML/CSS. HTML seemed basic, but CSS gave me some trouble. I don't have the creative eye to make things look pretty. The third class I just started, so not really applicable. Machine Organization. So far, we've learned binary/hexadecimal, logic gates, boolean algebra, and other stuff. I think we'll be building some hardware and learning C. Next semester, I'm planning on taking the more advanced portion of my current class, in addition to data structures and algorithms. By the end of next semester, I think I'll be ready, or at least be minimally qualified enough for some of these positions, but I'm not exactly sure what to do right now since recruitment is now. I don't think I'll be able to pass a technical interview at the moment, nor do I possess qualifications. With that all being said, I'm pretty lost. What type of internship should I be looking for that would at least set me up for a CS related career.  submitted by /u/dgwgdsgewg [link] [comments] 