How do i climb the ladder ? How many more skills do i need?
Hello everyone , i'm an 24yo CS degree holder , currently working at a startup in Athens , Greece for 1 year that barely pays me (600$ month). My work includes the (completely worthless experience wise for me) taks of modifying wordpress and joomla sites , converting html to css , using JS and adding site features in php.I dont want that. My goal is to become a great programmer that can be worth a high salary compared to the median , and work at a big , respected tech company.Doesnt have to be big N.I am willing to commit to ANY amount of study or work required to get that.ANY amount.I will die reading if thats what it takes , but i need your help to start somewhere.My preferred place would be UK or Central europe. I dont know what sector i am interested in ,cause i havent worked in other sectors , but i want it to have no front end at all , and be quite hard so people who went to 1 bootcamp cant compete with my 4 years + countless hours of study and practice. These are my skills in general. PHP Joomla/Wordpress html+ css javascript SQL C Java C JavaEE (some basics) some AWS/Azure Git General architecture , data structure(good) , algorithm(good level also) networking and business knowledge.  I also pretty much read about languanges or tools for almost the entirety of my free time.I even dream about algorithms or quit the gym to solve a hackerrank level.It's gotten quite bad.Anyway I would like your help on how i could proceed with that. What more would you suggest me to learn in order to be an attractive canditate for a better position?  Should i start sending interviews to foreign country companies ?  Should i stay at the low paying company until i get more experience?  Should i spend more free time practicing at the things i already know , or learn more topics/technologies? CRUD applications are worthless for interviews anyway .  Would the tasks i did already count for anything if the next job is not about PHP/Wordpress?   Thank you all and sorry for the long post  submitted by /u/dncG [link] [comments] 