Out of college for 6 months now and no results
Hey everyone! So like the title says, I graduated from one of the better Cal state schools with my Bachelors in computer science back in March. I started looking for jobs maybe in December or so of last year, but didn't really get invested into it until I graduated. I live in the greater Los Angeles area, so I looked all around. In total, i've probably done about 13-15 interviews in total now, almost all of which have been for full time jobs. I should say now that I have zero experience in the field outside of school. No internships or anything. When I was in school and summer time came around, I chose to do summer school instead. It worked out ok in that I was able to graduate in under 4 years (in a major where the classes are horribly impacted mind you, the vast majority of students take 5 years). But now, I feel like I haven't been able to get a job because I have no experience. And now i'm getting very worried that when companies see that I graduated back in March and don't have something yet, that there must be something wrong with me. As of late, I've been aiming more towards internships. I'm very fortunate that my family is understanding, and would be more than ok with letting me live at home if I got an internship. The problem though is that many of the internships I see say that they are looking for people who are still enrolled in school. Is this something I could just ignore and hope they don't mind? My resume is ok besides the no experience thing. I have some projects I worked on on it, including one that won a prize at a hackathon. I didn't have the best GPA (about 2.8 from what I remember), but I don't see many places that care about GPA besides high end places. Feel free to ask any questions of course. I would just like some advice on what I could do to get my foot in the door. Like I said, i'm really worried that if I take any longer then companies aren't gonna hire me, and then what? Would I just be screwed? I did do my first interview with an internship 2 weeks ago, and it went very well. But then they called me a week later asking me about my GPA and why it was lower. They said they would get back to me in the next week or 2. I really want this job, and It would be amazing because it's literally 5 minutes away from my house. I made sure to tell them that too of course.  submitted by /u/cl_omega [link] [comments] 