I think I got a pity onsite interview
Hi all, I'm a frequent visitor to this sub but wanted a throwaway to get this off my chest. About a month ago, a small startup reached out to me for a frontend engineering position on their team. Over the last few weeks, I've done multiple phone screens and did a coding project as part of the interview process. All of those calls and project went smoothly, and so they invited me for an onsite at their office. I didn't stress too much preparing for this interview - it would be great interview practice either way. However, literally the day before my onsite, I noticed that someone had shared an article that they wrote on a public tech careers group that I was in. I first clicked it out of curiosity, and it detailed their job search process over the last few months. The shocker was that they had just accepted a position at the same startup for the exact same role I was about to do my onsite for. Then I immediately checked the company's open job positions and noticed that the frontend engineer role was removed. A lot of options ran through my mind -- maybe they were hiring multiple people for this position? But why would they take that particular listing down? Did they not want to be awkward and cancel my interview? But a 4 hour interview involving all the top engineers and execs without the expectation of hiring would be a waste of everyone's time. In the end, I decided to go do the onsite anyway as interview practice and possibly consider the job if I got an offer, but went in with lowered expectations. I almost expected one of the interviewers to mention that the position was no longer available, and if I would be interested in doing backend work instead. But no one mentioned anything about it, and neither did I. In the end, I felt like I got along with a lot of the interviewers I talked to, and left with a pretty positive feeling about how I did. Not surprisingly, I got a rejection from them the next day. In their email, they decided to "move forward with other candidates". Since it's still fresh in my mind, I have a weird mixture of feelings, but mostly annoyance since it feels similar to getting rejected from a safety school. But who knows, I could have underperformed too despite my confidence. I know it's not personal though, so I'll probably get over this and move on after tonight. Not asking for advice here, but wondering if anyone found themselves in any similar situations like this? If so, what was the outcome like? tl;dr: got an onsite at a startup. Day before the interview I find out someone else accepted an offer for the same role at the same company. Still did the onsite and got rejected. Not sure if it was a pity interview.  submitted by /u/cscareersthrowaways [link] [comments] 