Current CS student, should I transfer to a better program or supplement my learning myself?
Hi there! For reference, I'm currently pursuing a BA of CS at University of Redlands. I am Junior status atm. The CS department is small and really only offers the basics of each subject, because it is a private, liberal arts school. I'm going here because I was originally a Communicative Disorders major but ended up switching to a CS/Psych double major with an ASL minor. I took every AP class I could in high school, so I basically started as a sophomore, which is why I'm able to take all of these classes. I never really had to take any gen ed, lol. I took an intro to programming class thinking it'd be cool to learn but probably really hard. Lo and behold, I'm really good at it and I love it. It's so much more interesting to me than the other classes I've been taking. I love problem solving and I also love math, so I'm totally intrigued by CS. So far, I've learned the basics of Java and am currently taking Data Structures. I've already done Calculus I in high school. This is the course catalog for the CS major at my school. http://imgur.com/a/6WQL0 Yikes, right? Just about the basics of everything and nothing in depth. The schools I would consider transferring to would be Cal Poly Pomona or UCR. Both of which have fairly average, decently ranked CS programs with course lineups comparable to nearly every regular CS program I've seen. Between the two, it would just depend on which accepted me. The catch here is that if I transferred, it'd probably end up putting me back 2-3 years in schooling, and there's the possibility that I'd have to transfer AGAIN to University of Tennessee, Knoxville. With these facts in mind, do y'all think I should stick with my current program and do projects/coding bootcamps/supplementary community college courses on the side, or should I risk transferring twice and taking on 2-3 more years of school (dependant on how many of my credits transfer from my current uni, I'm already about 85 semester credits in). Edit: Adding in that I'm not looking to make three figures. I'd be fine making $45k-50k for a few years and hopefully make it up to $70k-80k someday. Also, interested in web design.  submitted by /u/kaceybot [link] [comments] 