Is this a solid offer for a junior software engineer?
Hi everyone, my initial reaction is that this is a fair offer, but I thought I'd ask the collective wisdom of Reddit. I'm a recent Hack Reactor grad with a non-technical degree and 5+ years of unrelated work experience. I recently received an offer from a pre-series A company in SF and wanted to know if I should ask for more or not: Junior Software Engineer $105,000 annual salary 0.05% in options full medical/vision/dental 2 weeks vacation  My initial impression is that it's a fair deal given my lack of SWE experience but I've also heard of other recent bootcamp grads getting more and I don't want to sell myself short. I'm confident in my other professional experience and know that it will serve me later on, but also believe in paying my dues. There is some overlap between my prior industry and the industry that this company is working in, but I am hesitant to leverage my contacts in the industry given: * Many are personal friends and wouldn't feel comfortable being pressed to squeeze business value out of my friendships * Many are on the product development side of things, not necessarily business development. But that's the main place I see being able to justify a higher starting salary. While I might be a new SWE, I am battle tested as an employee, something that a younger candidate or new college grad doesn't necessarily bring to the table. I think it's a reasonably fair offer given that this is my first job breaking into a new industry and that usually comes with a small hit to earnings early on. I'd still making more than what I was making before so meeting my budget is not such a concern. My main concern is that by missing out on a little bit now might reduce how much I can earn later on in my career. Another part of me is telling myself that's ridiculous and that I should just take the offer as is. If I work hard, I'll have plenty of opportunities to negotiate up later, especially given that I should have many opportunities to contribute to the organization in a meaningful way. (Small eng team, lots of opportunities to touch code) Other than that, if any more experienced people could point out any thing that I might be missing or should ask about, I'd appreciate that as well! I also want to thank those who left advice and suggestions for others, as a lurker it was helpful. Thanks guys! And if anyone has questions about the process, feel free to hit me up. I'm open to helping out others. If you have doubts about the process, you can do it too!  submitted by /u/compelledcoder [link] [comments] 