Request Team Transfer? Stressful Team plus insult from Manager.
TLDR: Advice for requesting an internal team-transfer? I have around 13 years professional work experience, and am a Senior Software Engineer. Around four months ago, I joined a new employer, a mid-sized company about 10 years old, with a mostly positive reputation as an employer and engineering organization. Within a week of joining, I had learned of this team's dark history. Turnover-rate on this team was perhaps the highest in the company, the current team being the about the 8th brand-new generation (in 10 years), attempting to pick up the pieces of teams long-gone and domain-knowledge lost with them. The few people who hadn't left the company had transferred teams, and were vocal about not wanting to go back. The software itself is in the state you might expect given that history; often doesn't run, impossible to code-read, a constant stream of bugs, and full of inconsistency. The majority of my time so far has been nothing but bug-investigations. A couple days ago, I asked to pickup new work, and the manager pointed me to an API stub, basically saying "implement that." I responded, "I'm not sure I'm following what you're asking me to do, do we have any tickets or user-stories about what we expect the software to do after this task is complete?" His response was there were no tickets, we should break down the requirements later, and that he had to rush off to a meeting. Since then, he's bailed twice on requirement/story breakdown meetings. Yesterday, I asked a question in our team-chat about whether a piece of code was related to the 'old' API or new API, and our team-manager responded with: "Yes there is a document describing the goals, I’m pretty sure you were at the meetings with the rest of us." I'm doing my best to remain professional, but I'm struggling with the thought of continuing to pretend it's business as usual after that comment, especially for an extended period of time. Worse, it's a little worrying that my manager may be dissatisfied with my performance. I'd like to avoid quitting or switching companies if I can avoid it, which leaves the option of switching team internally, or potentially taking this up with HR. Does anyone have advice for how to go about switching teams internally?  submitted by /u/CsXAway9001 [link] [comments] 