First-year PhD in ML Having Second Thoughts
throwaway acc here, first post on this sub so forgive me if I do something dumb. I am a 1st year PhD student in Machine Learning (more specifically recommendation systems and graph-based models) at a top 10 school for my program. To be blunt, I am having a miserable time. I thought I would enjoy the additional challenge and opportunity to learn more about a field i think is interesting, in addition to getting to do more research. However, I have been having second thoughts given the expectations of working 24/7 (or rather, this is the only way to keep up), complete lack of social interaction (grad students don't seem to care as much, many international students), and truthfully the feeling that research becomes just as monotonous as some of the engineering work I was trying to avoid, just much harder. I am guaranteed funding for at least 4 years (this year being a fellowship which is quite nice) and have the possibility of obtaining a master's in 2-2.5 years on the way to a PhD. Currently, my plan is to try to survive until I get my master's and then leave, but I was curious about whether even that is worth it. It seems like a "free" (not including potential income loss) master's is worth it, especially when my field of interest in Machine Learning which is quite math/theory based (unless you're just plugging into black boxe frameworks which is probably pretty common) but maybe in CS it really doesn't matter if you have relevant projects (or publications.) For some background into how i got into this mess, I am 22 and graduated with a BS in CSE summa cum laude this past Spring with, as far as research goes, 1 publication in a good journal, 1 manuscript, and some random awards. I was president of my university's chapter of ACM and have had internships with Google and another top company (trying not to dox myself too hard here...). The internships were in backend web dev and Android respectively, so since my interest has shifted towards ML/Data Science/Mining, it seemed like grad school would be a solid way to pivot, and since i was able to get into funded PhD programs and enjoyed doing research in undergrad, it seemed like a good idea, but I am definitely struggling hard. Any thoughts, experiences, or comments are appreciated! tl;dr: age 22, graduated with a BS in CSE, immediately started a PhD in Machine Learning, it is extremely difficult, feeling miserable, should I drop out and get a random swe job now, try to stick it out and finish a "free" master's to pivot into more ML-centric roles with possibly higher upward mobility, or should I give this PhD a second chance and wait before making any kind of decision.  submitted by /u/strugglingcsgradstud [link] [comments] 