I'm that guy who can't code out of a paper bag and constantly bugs the lead for help. How do I improve?
I've been in the industry for almost 2 years, this upcoming March 2018. I went from a BS in CS from a somewhat reputable program to a job at a large company where software is not its main product (still here). I've noticed that my peers on other teams that I started out as entry level have surpassed me in rank (and rightfully so). Most of my friends got promoted above me (the position is basically the highest level of Junior, right before senior engineer). I notice that they are really good at what they do (or it seems, I don't work with them), they always know the lingo, what's going on with the business, sharp technical skills etc. I get very anxious if anything goes wrong with my workspace because it took forever to get setup during my first week. The lead had to help me. I wouldn't know where to even begin if I had to start from scratch, especially since the documentation for that is outdated. There are so many files, so many packages, so many services.... on top of that all the business logic. I am constantly overwhelmed with the sheet amount of information I need to know and I feel hopeless. Most of it flies over my head, even when I take notes it's difficult for me to piece information together. I use stack overflow all the time, but it's difficult finding exactly what I need for a specific situation. This is where I'll have to ask for help from the lead. I'll get a work item and have no idea how to even start or come up with an idea for a solution unless I've already worked on that part of the code. I've heard that to get to the next promotion above mine, the one my friends have, I need to be able to get work done more independently. I'm so worried about my future because I realize that I suck and I have always sucked. I'm a poser. I enjoyed my undergrad and that's why I wanted to get into the tech industry, but my time at work has completely demoralized. What frightens me is that if I can't do the work now, how will I ever be cut out and competent enough for the future? How will I ever get to a senior engineer or a lead position if I'm incredibly incompetent? How long before I'm completely weeded out from this industry? If I have to keep asking the lead for help, then what's the point of the company paying me? Why wouldn't the lead just do my work? These thoughts have been messing with my head for the past 2 weeks and it's really making me depressed about the future. CS is all I know and all I've worked for, so I don't know what I would do for income if I were to get laid off and deemed too incompetent for the field. I have it so much better than a lot of people struggling to get jobs right now and I'm blowing it by not being good enough. There are so many people out there who would gladly take my job and do a 10x better job than I would. Any advice is appreciated. Edit: Regarding when I go to the lead for help, I hit a wall and it's very difficult for my mind to push past it. I don't know where to go even after exhausting my resources. It also has to do with my lack of knowledge of how all our tools work and how they are integrated with each other or the framework. Edit2: I also take a lot of notes and write down what people say, seems to have been helping.  submitted by /u/Hoolio_Foolio [link] [comments] 