Post "Match" Thread: Liverpool 0-0 Manchester United
 Liverpool 0-0 Manchester United  Competition: 2017/18 Premier League    Kick-Off: 12:30pm Local   Venue: Anfield   Referee: Martin Atkinson   Attendance: TBA   TV: Check Worldwide Guide   Stream: /r/soccerstreams     Starting Lineups:  Liverpool Notes Notes Manchester United    Mignolet (GK)   (GK) De Gea  Gomez   Darmian  Matip   Jones  Lovren   Smalling  Moreno   Valencia  Wijnaldum   Matic  Henderson   Herrera  Can   Martial  Salah   Mkhitaryan  Firmino    Young  Coutinho   Lukaku    SUBS:  Liverpool Notes Notes Manchester United    (Manager) Jurgen Klopp   Jose Mourinho (Manager)  Oxlade-Chamberlain   Lingard  Sturridge   Rashford  Solanke   Lindelof     NOTABLE EVENTS 1' Liverpool have kicked off, we're underway from Anfield! Liverpool in their full red kit, Manchester United in their grey and white kit. 8' End to end football so far, everyone was saying this could be a boring match, but it's anything but so far. 14' Wijnaldum with the first clear chance of the match, with a FIFA-style shot straight to De Gea. 20' Great few minutes from Salah so far, United with the good defence to keep it at 0-0 in the first 20 minutes. 30' Matic with a rocket shot, just missing to the keeper's top right, hitting the goal net support upright. About half a meter down and to the right and it would've gone into the back of the net. 34' Great goalkeeping by De Gea, with Salah shooting right into him, and the rebound goes wide. Liverpool were really unlucky not to score off that. 43' Lukaku with United's first shot on target, Mignolet with the save. United are finally beginning to push forward. There will be 1 minute of added time HALF TIME  Liverpool 0-0 Manchester United  46' We're back underway from Anfield for the second half! 62'   Substitution for Manchester United. Lingard  Mkhitaryan  65'   Substitution for Manchester United. Rashford  Martial  74'   Yellow Card for Smalling. 78'   Double Substitution for Liverpool. Oxlade-Chamberlain and Sturridge  Salah and Coutinho  87'   Yellow Card for Young 87'   Substitution for Liverpool. Solanke  Firmino  There will be 3 minutes of added time 90+2'   Substitution for Manchester United. Lindelof  Young   submitted by /u/KVMechelen [link] [comments] 